[Produced by Dirty Swift]
I just want to chill and twist the lye
Catch stunts in my 745
You drive me crazy, shorty
I need to see you and feel you next to me
I provide everything you need, and I
Like your smile, I don't want to see you cry
Got some questions that I got to ask
And I hope you can come up with the answers, babe
Girl, it's easy to love me now
Would you love me if I was down and out?
Would you still have love for me?
If I fell off tomorrow, would you still love me?
If I didn't smell so good, would you still hug me?
If I got locked up and sentenced to a quarter century
Could I count on you to be there to support me mentally?
If I went back to a hoopty from a Benz
Would you poof and disappear like some of my friends?
If I was hit and I was hurt, would you be by my side?
If it was time to put in work, would you be down to ride?
I get out and peel a nigga cap, chill and drive
I'm asking questions to find out how you feel inside
If I ain't rap cause I flip burgers at Burger King
Would you be ashamed to tell your friends you're feeling me?
If I wrote you a love letter, would you write back?
Now we can have a little drink, you know, a nightcap
Girl, it's easy to love me now
Would you love me if I was down and out?
Would you still have love for me?
Now, would you leave me
If your father found out I was thugging?
Do you believe me when I tell you, "You the one I'm loving"?
Are you mad cause I'm asking you 21 questions?
Do you trust me enough to tell me your dreams?
If I was down, would you say things to make me smile?
If I was with some other chick and someone happened to see
And when you asked me about it I said it wasn't me
Would you believe me or up and leave me?
How deep is our bond if that's all it takes for you to be gone?
We only humans, girl, we make mistakes
To make it up, I'll do whatever it take
I love you like a fat kid love cake
You know my style, I say anything to make you smile
Girl, it's easy to love me now
Would you love me if I was down and out?
Would you still have love for me?
Could you love me in a Bentley?
Could you love me on a bus?
I'll ask 21 questions and they all about us
