Doc, doc, you gotta give us some good news
(Yeah, about that...)
[Intro: Candice Pillay]
Don't let me find out, the bitch in you
Don't let me find out, the snitch in you
[Hook: Candice Pillay]
Fame and fortune, it's not your forte
Fuck the world now, I'm done with foreplay
Doctor's orders: go fuck yourself
Take two of these in the morning, overdose and kill yourself
Doctor's orders...
[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
Listen, this is my evaluation
This shit over saturated, y'all can get evacuated
Kids sipping Actavis and they ain't even activated
Married to the internet, stuck in place, salivating
Ain't nobody graduating
Don't nobody love this shit the way I love it
That's why I gotta hate it
Everybody out for fame, that ain't no exaggeration
Damn I'm getting aggravated, fuck, I'm getting agitated
Teachers so underpaid in these fucking schools
The police got our name in all they databases
Girls be thirteen acting twenty-two
Niggas be forty-four acting half they ages
Somebody tell me, what the fuck is going on?
These niggas in tight shit, I'm in the fucking Matrix
It's looking like a sign of the revelation
'Bout time of the return of the fuckin' greatest
I got all these patients man
How come they ain't patient with me?
They just think I want the money, why?
When I can't take it with me
Y'all don't do it for the love, for the love not
They gon' find out who you are
Just admit 'fore you get admitted
[Bridge: Anderson .Paak]
Say, what you living about? (Fuck you gon' tell me?)
Do you remember where you started out though?
You're looking lost now (You want a pass? Oh, damn)
Fake it 'til you make it, take your little paper
But when you look in the mirror your credibilitys gone now
I'd rather be hated on for who I am
Than to be loved for who I'm not, that's word to Doc
[Hook: Candice Pillay]
Fame and fortune, it's not your forte
Fuck the world now, I'm done with foreplay
Doctor's orders: go fuck yourself
Take two of these in the morning, overdose and kill yourself
[Verse 2: Eminem]
In the beginning a few of the people who had a problem
I was this good, scoffed, I just shook off
Probably reminded you of the first time you saw Tiger Woods golf
Never thought about how much my race and nationality meant
But based on how I ascended, see how plain it was now, they want me to jet
No one really gave a fuck about my descent, 'till I took off
Mistook me because I look soft
But I stood tall, I just follow the (Doctor's orders)
So I rose and grew balls, told these hoes to screw off
Decided opposing you is what I'm posed to do alls
I did was say what I'm feeling when the vocal booth calls
And had you on pins and needles when I spoke to you all
You felt my pain, it's almost like I poked voodoo dolls
And I hope my spirit haunts the studios when I'm gone
My picture jumps off a poster and just floats through the halls
And fucking goes through the walls like the ghost of Lou Rawls
Karma's headed for Armageddon, the drama setter, I'm going in
Already got an arm and head in,
whoever said words are just words
Ain't heard me word them, I give a fuck
If my image even ends up taking a personal hit
Whoever I hurt or whatever bridges I burned in this bitch
And whatever bitches feel like they didn't deserve what they get
And whatever consequences come with every verse, it's worth it
So Doc turn the beat on, whose turn is it to get murdered on it?
And here's to all the years I spent toeing a line to overtime
As sure as a mole is blind, in my mind
I'm still underground as a groundhog and I'mma go for mine
Like a whole furrow just tryna dig up some gold and diamonds and coal to find
No signs of slowing these lines are my nines
I just load up the most rhymes and open fire with a closed mind
All I needed was someone to co-sign, been a (Doctor's)
Assault rifle with the sniper scope for this whole time
Day one, say when to blast just, give me the order, I spray (Uh)
Pain in the ass you'll get shot in the ass with a paint gun
Ain't no one safe from, non-believers there ain't none
I even make the bitches I rape cum
I'm waiting on someone to say something
Dre make the bass pump and let the tape run for old time's sake
I spit it straight through, this is take one
The moment you're waiting for has come but the...
[Hook: Candice Pillay]
Fame and fortune, it's not your forte
Fuck the world now, I'm done with foreplay
Doctor's orders: go fuck yourself
Take two of these in the morning, overdose and kill yourself
[Outro: Candice Pillay]
Doctor's orders...
Doctor's orders...
