You fucking groupie
Pick up the goddamn phone
Bitch, where the fuck were you Tuesday?
With who you say?
I wasn't at the studio, bitch,
what'cha do? Screw Dre?
You went there looking for me?
Boo, that excuse is too lame
Keep playing me you're gonna end up with a huge goose egg
You fake, lying slut you never told me you knew Drake
And Lupe? You want to lose two legs?
You trying to flip this on me? If I spent more time with you,
you say
"Okay, yeah and I'm coo-coo, ay?"
Well, screw you, and I'll be the third person who screwed you today
Oh, fourth - Dre, Drake, Lupe -- oohm touch
You were too two-faced for me,
thought you was my number one,
true-blue ace
But you ain't
And I can't see you when you make that wittle boo-boo face
Cause I'm hanging up this phone, boo
You make my fucking blue tooth ache
You're feeling blue? Too late
Go smurf yourself,
you make me wanna smurf and puke blue Kool Aid
Here's what you say to someone you hate
My life would be so much better if you'd just drop dead
I was laying in bed last night thinking and this thought just popped in my head
And I thought, wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead
I would feel so much better
Think I just relapsed, this bitch pushed me over the brink
Hop on the freeway trying to get some time alone and just think
'Til the cops pulled me over, but they let me go cause I told 'em I'm only driving drunk, cause that bitch drove me to drink
I'm back on my fuck hoes,
with a whole new hatred for blondes
But bias?
I hate all bitches the same,
baby come on
Excuse the pun, but bitch is such a broad statement,
and I'm
Channeling my anger through every single station that's on
Cause a woman broke my he-art, I say he-art
Cause she ripped it in two pa-arts,
and threw it in the garbage
Who do you think you a-are, bitch?
Guess it's time for me to get the dust off and pick myself up off the carpet
But I'll never say the L-word again
I Lo-Lo-Lo-Lo... lesbian
Aaahhh, I hope you hear this song and go into a cardiac arrest
My life'd be so much better if you just
My life would be so much better if you'd just drop dead
I was laying in bed last night thinking and this thought just popped in my head
And I thought, wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead
I would feel so much better
[Bridge]
Cause you told me, you'd love me, forever, bitch, that was a lie
Now I never, wanted someone, to die, so bad in my fucking life
But fuck it,
theres other fish in the sea
And I'mma have a whale of a time
being a single sailor
For the night,
bitch on a scale of
1 to 10,
shit, I must be the holy grail of
Catches
ho, I got an Oscar attached to my fucking name (De La)
I might hit the club, find a chick that's tailor
Made for me,
say fuck it, kick some shots back, get hammered and nail her
These bitches trying to get attached, but they're failing to latch onto the tail of
My bumper they're scratching at the back of my trailer
Like I'm itching to get hitched
Yeah, I'm rich as a bitch
But bitches ain't shit,
I'd rather leave a bitch in a ditch
Bitch you complain when you listen to this
But you still throw yourself at me,
that's what I call pitchin' a bitch
That's why I'm swinging at this chicks on-site
Long as I got a bat and two balls it's foul,
but my dick's on strike
So all that love shit is null and void,
bitch I'm a droid
I avoid Cupid, stupid
wasn't for blow jobs, you'd be unemployed
Oye-yoy-yoy, man oh man,
your boy-boy-boy's
getting sick of these girls-girls-girls,
oink-oink-oink
You fuckin' pigs, all you're good for is doink-doink-doink
I got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one
She's all 99 of 'em; I need a machine gun
I'll take 'em all out, I hope you hear this song and go into a cardiac arrest
Have a heart attack and just
Drop dead
and I'mma throw a fucking party after this
Cause yes
My life would be so much better if you'd just drop dead
I was laying in bed last night thinking and this thought just popped in my head
And I thought, wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead
I would feel so much better
I'm just playing bitch, you know I love you
