Where's my snare?
I have no snare in my headphones
There you go
Have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
I have;
I've been protested and demonstrated against
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes,
look at the times
Sick as the mind of the motherfuckin' kid that's behind
All this commotion,
emotions run deep as oceans
Explodin',
tempers flaring from parents
Just blow 'em off and keep goin'
Not taking nothing from no one
Give 'em hell long as I'm breathin'
Keep kicking ass in the morning
And taking names in the evenin'
Leave 'em with the taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth
See, they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
Look at me now! I bet you're probably sick of me now
Ain't you, Momma?
I'ma make you look so ridiculous now
[Hook]
I'm sorry, Momma, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
I said I'm sorry, Momma, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
[Verse 2]
I got some skeletons in my closet
And I don't know if no one knows it
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it
I'ma expose it;
I'll take you back to '73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum selling CD
I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months
My faggot father must have had his panties up in a bunch
Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye
No, I don't, on second thought
I just fucking wished he would die
I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leaving her side
Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try
To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake
I maybe made some mistakes
But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face 'em today
What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb
But the smartest shit I did was take the bullets outta that gun
Cause I'da killed him
Shit, I would've shot Kim and him both
It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to The Eminem Show
[Hook]
I'm sorry, Momma, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
I said I'm sorry, Momma, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
Now, I would never diss my own momma just to get recognition;
take a second to listen
'Fore you think this record is dissin'
But put yourself in my position
Just try to envision, witnessin' your momma poppin' prescription pills in the kitchen
Bitchin' that someone's always going through her purse and shit's missin',
going through public housing systems
Victim of Mnchausen's Syndrome
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't
'Til I grew up, now I blew up
It makes you sick to your stomach, doesn't it?
Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me, ma?
So you could try to justify the way you treated me, ma?
But guess what, you're getting older now
And it's cold when you're lonely
And Nathan's growing up so quick
He's gonna know that you're phony
And Hailie's getting so big now
You should see her, she's beautiful
But you'll never see her  she won't even be at your funeral
See, what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong, bitch, do your song
Keep telling yourself that you was a mom!
But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get?
You selfish bitch; I hope you fucking burn in hell for this shit
Remember when Ronnie died
And you said you wished it was me?
Well, guess what, I am dead  dead to you as can be!
[Hook]
I'm sorry, Momma, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
I said I'm sorry, Momma, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
