Yeah, I had this little bad thing, something like them tens
She gave a nigga mad brain, something like The Wiz
But, you see, the sad thing fuckin' with her is
Is the chick ain't even have brains, dummy like a bitch
So I tried to show her about the world
And about just who we really are
And where we've come and how we still have to go really far
Like, "Baby, look at how we live broke on the boulevard"
But all she ever want me to do is unhook her bra
Then all I really want is for her to go down low
Before you know it, she wet enough to get drowned slow
And all that deep shit I was previously down fo'
Replaced by freak shit I am currently down fo'
You see I peeped it, pussy is power
That proud feeling we get knowing that pussy is ours
And how it feels to feel that feeling
You feeling when you be drillin' that shit
Got her sayin' you be killin' that shit
And all the pain the world cause, she be healin' that shit
And naw, that ain't your girl, dog
But you be feelin' that chick
And you just wanna tell her everything she might need
But in the meantime it's lights please
Lights please, lights please, turn off the lights
For now everything just seems so right
And how you make the darkness seem so bright
I'm feeling like things gon' be alright
[Verse 2: J. Cole]
So now we in the hotel, mirrors on the ceiling
She say she wanna blow L's, I hear her and I'm willing
But every time I smoke, well, a nigga mind gone
So that every word I spoke, well, I'm tryin' to put her on
But she couldn't hear me
I told her all about how we been livin' a lie
And that they love to see us all go to prison or die
Like, "Baby, look at how they show us on the TV screen"
But all she ever want me to do is unzip her jeans
Then all I really want is for her to get on top
Before you know it, she workin', jerkin' it nonstop
And all that next shit I was previously talkin'
Is now that wet shit that I'm currently lost in
And while that sweat drip, I am reminded
All the times my brother told me that pussy is blindin'
I'm findin', the more I grow
The more y'all seem to stay the same
Don't even know the rules, but yet y'all tryin' to play the game
And ain't it shameful how niggas blame hoes for givin' birth
To a baby that took two to make?
Coward nigga, you a fake
How you gonna look in your son's face and turn your back
Then go start another family?
Dawg, what type of shit is that?
She said it's okay, rub my head and told me to relax
Laid a nigga down proper, like she was recording tracks
Said "I know you wanna change the world
But for the night, please
Just reach over and hit the lights please"
Lights please, lights please, turn off the lights
For now everything just seems so right
And how you make the darkness seem so bright
I'm feeling like things gon' be alright
Alright, if y'all niggas heard the first one, The Come Up and shit, then you would have heard part 1 of this joint right here. It's "Dead Presidents", you know classic nigga, that's classic Jay shit. So I did it, threw it on the first mixtape, this is about a year ago. We let niggas hear like you know the mixtape whatever, and there was always this one nigga that stuck out to me like a year ago. This nigga's like "yo". like I thought I did my thing on this shit, that was like two of my favorite verses that I did, but he was just like "Yo", like, "Yo you didn't come right man. If you gon' come on Dead Presidents son, you gotta come hard son, you gotta come harder than that son, you gotta come harder than that." I was like, man what you mean I came hard? But, that shit always stuck in my mind, so doing this next, you know, doing this The Warm Up I was like, damn, I gotta get on it again, I gotta do it again. Just almost like, just to prove to that nigga and kinda prove to myself that you I can, I can maybe get a little...
