[Verse 1]
Baby girl, I can't imagine what it's like for you
I got you pregnant, now inside there is a life in you
I know you wondering if this is gon' make me think 'bout wifing you
Like if you have my first child, would I spend my whole life with you?
Now I ain't tryna pick a fight with you, I'm tryna talk
Now I ain't tryna spend the night with you, I'm kinda lost
See, I've been giving it some thought lately and
Frankly I'm feel like we ain't ready and this..
Hold up now, let me finish!
Think about it, baby, me and you we still kids ourself
How we gonna raise a kid by ourself?
Handle biz by ourself?
A nigga barely over 20
Where the hell we gon' live? Where am I gon' get that money?
I refuse to bring my boy or my girl in this world
When I ain't got shit to give 'em
And I'm not with them niggas who be knocking girls up and skate out
So girl you gotta think about how the options weigh out, what's the way out?
And I ain't too proud to tell you
That I cry sometime, I cry sometimes about it
And girl I know it hurt, but if this world was perfect
Then we can make it work but I doubt it
And I ain't too proud to tell you
That I cry sometime, I cry sometimes about it
And girl I know it hurt, but if this world was perfect
Then we can make it work but I doubt it
[Verse 2]
She said
"Nigga, you got some nerve to come up to me talking about abortion
This my body nigga, so don't think you finna force shit!
See I knew that this is how you act, so typical
Said you love me, oh, but now you flipping like reciprocals
It figures though,
I shoulda known that you was just another nigga
No different from them other niggas
Who be claiming that they love you just to get up in them drawers
Knowing all the right things to say,
I let you hit it raw, mothafucka!
Now I'm pregnant, you don't wanna get involved, mothafucka?
Tryna take away a life, is you God, mothafucka?
I don't think so! This a new life up in my stomach
Regardless if I'm your wife, this new life here I'mma love it
I ain't budging I just do this by my mothafuckin' self
See my mama raised me without no mothafuckin' help from a man
But I still don't understand how you could say that
Did you forget all those conversations
that we had way back
'bout your father? And you told me that you hate that nigga
Talking about he a coward and you so glad that you ain't that nigga
Cause he left your mama when she had you and he ain't shit
And here you go doing the same shit...
you ain't shit nigga"
And I ain't too proud to tell you
That I cry sometimes, I cry sometimes about it
And boy this shit hurts, and aint nobody perfect
Still we can make it work but you doubt it
[Verse 3]
They say everything happens for a reason
And people change like the seasons, then grow apart
She wanted him to show his heart and say he loved her
He spoke the magic words and on the same day he fucked her
Now she wide open, she put a ring up on his finger if she could
But he loved her cause the pussy good but she ain't no wife though
Uh-oh! She telling him she missed her period like typos
He panicking, froze up like a mannequin
A life grows inside her, and now he asking "Is it even mine?"
What if this bitch ain't even pregnant, dog, could she be lying?
And she be crying cause he acting distant
Like "Ever since I told you this, nigga you acting different"
And all his niggas saying "Man, these hoes be trapping niggas
Playing with niggas' emotions like they some action figures"
Swear they get pregnant for collateral, it's like extortion
Man if that bitch really pregnant, tell her to get a abortion
But what about your seed nigga?
