[Verse 1: Jay Z]
Motherfuckers say that I'm foolish, I only talk about jewels
Do you fools listen to music or do you just skim through it?
See, I'm influenced by the ghetto you ruined
That same dude you gave nothing, I made something doin'
What I do, through and through, and
I give you the news with a twist
It's just his ghetto point of view
The renegade, you been afraid,
I penetrate pop culture
Bring 'em a lot closer to the block where they pop toasters
And they live with they moms, got dropped roadsters
From botched robberies, niggas crouched over
Mami's knocked up cause she wasn't watched over
Knocked down by some clown
When child support knocked; no, he's not around
Now, how that sound to ya? Jot it down
I bring it through the ghetto without riding round
Hiding down, ducking strays
From frustrated youths stuck in they ways
Just read a magazine that fucked up my day
How you rate music that thugs with nothing relate to it?
I help them see they way through it  not you
Can't step in my pants, can't walk in my shoes
Bet everything you're worth, you'll lose your tie and your shirt
[Verse 2: Eminem]
Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen
I ain't no politician, but I'll kick it with 'em a minute
Cause, see, they call me a menace
And if the shoe fits I'll wear it
But if it don't,
then y'all will swallow the truth, grin and bear it
Now, who's the king of these rude, ludicrous, lucrative lyrics?
Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics
Usin' his music to steer it, sharin' his views and his merits?
But there's a huge interference
They're saying you shouldn't hear it
Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit
Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish
But I'm debated, disputed, hated
And viewed in America as a motherfuckin' drug addict
Like you didn't experiment, nah nah
That's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror
And see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrassed
And I got nothing to do but make you look stupid as parents
You fucking do-gooders
Too bad you couldn't do good at marriage
And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here?
I don't think you do
So stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo
Cause here we go, he's {*Jigga j-Jigga*}
And I'm the sinister Mr. Kiss-My-Ass, it's just a
Renegade! Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
Cause I'm a (renegade!) never been afraid to talk
About anything, (anything?), anything, (anything!)
Renegade, (never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
Cause I'm a) renegade!
(Never been afraid to holler
About anything), anything? (Anything), anything!
I had to hustle, my back to the wall, ashy knuckles
Pockets filled with a lot of lint, not a cent
Gotta vent, lot of innocent lives lost on the project bench
Whatchu hollerin'? Gotta pay rent, bring dollars in
By the bodega,
iron under my coat, feeling braver
Durag wrapping my waves up, pockets full of hope
Do not step to me, I'm awkward, I box lefty
An orphan my pops left me
And often, my momma wasn't home
Could not stress to me, I wasn't grown
Especially on nights I brought something home
To quiet the stomach rumblings
My demeanor, 30 years my senior
My childhood didn't mean much, only raising green up
Raising my fingers to critics
Raising my head to the sky, B.I.G. I did it, multi before I die
No lie, just know I chose my own fate
I drove by the fork in the road and went straight
[Verse 4: Eminem]
See, I'm a poet to some, a regular modern-day Shakespeare
Jesus Christ, the King of these Latter-Day Saints here
To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me as
A monger of hate, satanist, scatter-brained atheist
But that ain't the case, see, it's a matter of taste
We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is
Or is he the latter, a gateway to escape?
Media scapegoat, who they can be mad at today
See, it's easy as cake, simple as whistling Dixie
While I'm waving the pistol at sixty Christians against me
Go to war with the Mormons,
take a bath with the Catholics
In holy water, no wonder they tried to hold me under longer
I'm a motherfucking spiteful, delightful eyeful
The new Ice Cube, motherfuckers hate to like you
What did I do?
I'm just a kid from the gutter making this butter off these bloodsuckers,
cause I'm a muh'fuckin'
Renegade! Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
Cause I'm a (renegade!) never been afraid to talk
About anything, (anything?), anything, (anything!)
Renegade, (never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
Cause I'm a) renegade!
(Never been afraid to holler
About anything), anything? (Anything), anything!
