[Produced by Kanye West & No I.D]
Feel it coming in the air
Hear the screams from everywhere
Im addicted to the thrill
It's a dangerous love affair
Cant be scared when it goes down
Got a problem, tell me now
Only thing that's on my mind
Is who's gonna run this town tonight
Is who's gonna run this town tonight
We gonna run this town!
[Verse 1: Jay Z]
We are, yeah, I said it: we are
This is Roc Nation,
pledge your allegiance
Get your fatigues on, all black everything
Black cards,
black cars,
all black everything
And our girls are blackbirds riding with they Dillingers
I get more in depth if you boys really real enough
This is la Familia,
I'll explain later
But for now, let me get back to this paper
I'm a couple bands down and I'm tryin' to get back
I gave Doug a grip and lost a flip for five stacks
Yeah, I'm talking 5 comma, 6 zeros, dot zero,
here Doug
Back to running circles round niggas
Now we squared up, hold up
Lifes a game, but it's not fair
I break the rules, so I dont care
So I keep doing my own thang
Walking tall against the rain
Victorys within the mile
Almost there, dont give up now
Whos gonna run this town tonight?
We are, yeah, I said it: we are
You can call me Caesar, in a dark Caesar
Please follow the leader, so Eric B we are
Microphone fiend,
this the return of the God
Peace, God,
ah ah, it ain't no nobody fresher
I'm in Maison, ah, Martin Margiela
On the table screaming
"Fuck the other side, they're jealous!"
We got a banquette full of broads
They got a table full of fellas
Yeah, and they ain't spending no cake
They should throw their hand in
Cause they ain't got no spades
Yeah, my whole team got dough
So my banquette is looking like millionaires' row
So I keep doing my own thang
[Verse 3: Kanye West]
It's crazy how you can go from being Joe Blow
To everybody on your dick; no homo
I bought my whole family whips; no Volvos
Next time Im in church, please, no photos
Police escorts, everybody passports
This the life that everybody ask for
This the fast life, we are on a crash course
What you think I rap for, to push a fuckin' Rav 4?
But I know that if I stay stunting
All these girls only gonna want one thing
I can spend my whole life goodwill hunting
Only good gonna come is it's good when I'm cumming
She got an ass that'll swallow up a G-string
And up top, ah, two bee stings
And I'm beasting off the Riesling
And my nigga just made it out the precinct
We give a damn about the drama that your dude bring
I'm just tryin' to change the color on your mood ring
Reebok, baby, you need to try some new things
Have you ever had shoes without shoe strings?
"What's that, Ye?" "Baby, these heels."
"Is that a May-what?" "Baby, these wheels."
You trippin' when you ain't sippin', have a refill
You feeling like you running, huh? Now you know how we feel
