[Produced By Kanye West, Mike Dean & Sak Pase]
[Hook: Kanye West & (Jay-Z)]
This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the Lord
'Til I die, I'mma fucking ball
Now who gon stop me? Who gon stop me huh?
Who gon stop me? Who gon stop me, huh?
(Black cards, black cars, black on black, black broads
Whole lotta money in a black bag, black strap: you know what that's for)
Yeah, who gon stop me?
No brakes, I need State Farm
So many watches I need eight arms
One neck but got eight charms
Who gon stop me huh?
Niggas talking, they bitchmade, Ixnay off my dicksnay
Thats Pig Latin, itch-bay, who gon stop me huh?
Last night aint go so well, got kicked up out the hotel
Got a little freaky like Marvin Albert, "Yes!" Tell Howard Cosell
You just a commentator if you getting paper
Everybody I know from the hood got common haters
In some relations you're just supposed to say none
Heard she fucked the doorman
Well thats cool I fucked the waitress
Heard Yeezy was racist, well, I guess thats on one basis
I only like green faces
This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the Lord
'Til I die, I'mma fucking ball
Now who gon stop me? Who gon stop me huh?
Who gon stop me? Who gon stop me, huh?
(Black cards, black cars, black on black, black broads
Whole lotta money in a black bag, black strap: you know what that's for)
Y'all weed purple, my money purple
Y'all Steve Urkel, Im Oprah's circle
I wrote the verse that I hope will hurt you
Who gon stop me huh?
Beat the odds, beat the Feds
It wouldnt be wise to bet against the kid
Start me broke, I bet I get rich
Night shift: six to six
Give me one shot, one pot
Ill show up in all white, wearin no socks
No ceiling, new coupe
They know Im a dope boy, they dont have no proof
Im three steps removed,
I know how to move
It's looking like, I dont know how to lose
Im winning again, Im at the Wynn
Im at the table, Im gamblin
Lucky lefty, I expect a seven
I went through hell, Im expectin heaven
Im owed,
and I stuck to the G-code
Im here, oh yeah, I promise I aint going nowhere
Okay here, like a hare, like a rabbit, I like karats
Im allergic to havin bunny ears like broke, like nope
Like ha, I aint no joke
I cant be stopped, like nope, like nope!
Extend the beat, Noah..
Two seats in the 911, uh
No limit on the Black Card, uh
Told y'all I was gonna go HAM, uh
'Til ocean was my backyard, uh
No lies in my verses, hey
Please pardon all the curses, hey
Shit gotta come some way, fuck
When you're growing up worthless
Middle finger to my old life, uh
Special shoutout to my old head, uh
If it wasnt for your advice
A nigga would have been so dead
I'm living life til these niggas kill me
Turn this up if you niggas feel me
Im riding dirty, tryna get filthy
Pablo Picasso,
Rothkos,
Rilkes
Graduated to the MoMA
And I did all of this without a diploma
Graduated from the corner
Y'all can play me for a muthafuckin fool if you wanna
Street-smart and Im book smart
Coulda been a chemist cause I cook smart
Only thing that can stop me is me, hey
And Imma stop when the hook start, hold up
[Hook: Kanye West & (Jay-Z)]
This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the Lord
'Til I die, I'mma fucking ball
Now who gon stop me? Who gon stop me huh?
Who gon stop me? Who gon stop me, huh?
(Black cards, black cars, black on black, black broads
Whole lotta money in a black bag, black strap: you know what that's for)
