[Produced By Anthony Kilhoffer, Kanye West & Mike Dean]
[Hook: Mr Hudson]
Ooooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know
[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Picture if you will that the throne's burning
Rome's burning and Im sitting in the corner all alone burning
Why does it always end up like this?
Something that we dont determine
Same people that I fought for, that I fight for, that I ride for
That I live for, that I die for
Be the reason that these niggas is alive for
And they want me dead but Im so sorry but I just cant die for you
But I can make 'em put their hands in the sky for you
We waiting for the fireworks like July 4th
Get fly more, get high more, cry boy, why for?
When the grief is over, beef is over
Ill be fly when Easters over
I tried to teach niggas how to be kings
And all they ever wanted to be was soldiers
So the love is gone 'til blood is drawn
So we no longer wear the same uniform
Fuck you squares, the circle got smaller
The castle got bigger, the walls got taller
And truth be told after all that said
Niggas still got love for you
Showed love to you niggas
You ripped out my heart and you stepped on it
I picked up the pieces before you swept on it
Goddamn this shit leaves a mess, dont it?
Shit feelin like death, dont it?
Charge it to the game, whatevers left on it
I spent about a minute, maybe less on it
Fly pelican fly,
turn the jets on it
but first I shall digress on it
Wasnt I a good king?
(Maybe too much of a good thing, huh?)
Didnt I spoil you?
Me or the money, what you loyal to?
(Huh, I gave you my loyalty)
Made you royalty and royalties
(Took care of these niggas' lawyer fees)
and this is how niggas rewardin' me, damn
[Hook]
Bussin at me, b-b-b-bussin at me
But Im bullet proof, bitch you cant get nothin past me
Got body armor (A nigga gotta watch the throne)
And Im bussin back so niggas in a glass house should not throw stones
What do you do when the love turns to hate?
(Gotta separate from these fuckin fakes)
Caesar didnt see it so he ceased to exist
So the nigga that killed him had keys to his shit
Am I my brothers keeper?
(Only if that nigga dont creep up)
Got a pistol under my pillow (Ive never been a deep sleeper)
P-p-p-paranoia
(Cause the nigga that said hell) blast for ya (is now) blastin for ya
Thats an assassin for ya
(These niggas got a shot theyll shoot)
Please Lord (forgive him) for these niggas (not know) what they do, ooh
