[Produced by Evidence & Kanye West]
[Intro: Jay-Z]
I'd like to propose a toast
I said toast motherfucker!
[Hook: Kanye West]
(Here's to the Roc)
This is the last call for alcohol, for the
(Mr. Rockefeller)
So get your ass up off the wall
The all around the world Digital Underground Pac
The Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer of the Roc
I take my chain, my 15 seconds of fame
And come back next year with the whole fucking game
Ain't nobody expect Kanye to end up on top
They expected that College Dropout to drop and then flop
Then maybe he stop savin' all the good beats for himself
Roc-A-Fella's only niggas that helped
My money was thinner than Sean Paul's goatee hair
Now Jean Paul Gaultier cologne fill the air, here
bougie
big-headed
Would you please stop talking about how my dick head is
Flow infectious, give me 10 seconds
I'll have a buzz bigger than insects in Texas
It's funny how wasn't nobody interested
'Til the night I almost killed myself in Lexus
[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Now was Kanye the most overlooked? Yes sir
Now is Kanye the most overbooked? Yes sir
Though the fans want the feeling of A Tribe Called Quest
But all they got left is this guy called West
That'll take Freeway, throw him on tracks with Mos Def
Call him
Kwa-li or Kwe-li,
I put him on songs with Jay-Z
I'm the Gap like Banana Republic and Old Navy, and oooh
It come out sweeter than old Sadie
Nice as Bun-B when I met him at the Source awards
Girl he had with him - ass coulda won the horse awards
And I was almost famous,
now everybody love Kanye
I'm almost Raymond
Some say he arrogant. Can y'all blame him?
It was straight embarrassing how y'all played him
Last year shoppin my demo, I was tryin' to shine
Every motherfucker told me that I couldn't rhyme
Now I could let these dream killers kill my self-esteem
Or use my arrogance as the steam to power my dreams
I use it as my gas, so they say that I'm gassed
But without it I'd be last, so I ought to laugh
So I don't listen to the suits behind the desk no more
You niggas wear suits cause you can't dress no more
I rocked 20,000 people, I was just on tour, nigga
I'm Kan, the Louis Vuitton Don
Bought my mom a purse, now she Louis Vuitton Mom
I ain't play the hand I was dealt, I changed my cards
I prayed to the skies and I changed my stars
I went to the malls and I balled too hard
"Oh my god, is that a black card?"
I turned around and replied, "Why yes
But I prefer the term African American Express"
Brains, power, and muscle, like Dame, Puffy, and Russell
Your boy back on his hustle, you know what I've been up to
Killin y'all niggas on that lyrical shit
Mayonnaise-colored Benz, I push Miracle Whips
"... last call for alcohol, for my niggas"
[Outro]
A&R
Roc-A-Fella
Hip Hop
Picked the "Truth" beat
Beanie
And I was in the session with him. I had my demo with me. You know, like I always do. I play the songs, he's like "Who that spittin?" I'm like "It's me." He's like "Oh, well okay."
this other kid
Just Blaze
[So won't you raise your glass won't you x4]
my mentor, No ID
And No ID told him, "Look man, you wanna mess with Kanye you need to tell him that you like the way he rap"

[No ID: "Yo, you wanna sign him, tell him you like how he rap"]
[Saxophone Solo]
I was all, I dunno if he was gassin' me or not but he's like he wanna manage me as a rapper AND a producer
I'm like oh shit
I was messin with, uh, D-Dot also
ghost production
but that's how I got in the game. If it wasn't for that, I wouldn't be here
I was stayin in Chicago, I had my own apartment, I be doin like, just beats for local acts just to try to keep the lights on, and then to go out and buy, get a Pelle Pelle off lay-away
get some Jordans or something
TechnoMarine
I made this one beat where I sped up this Harold Melvin sample
Jay might want it for this compilation album he doin, called The Dynasty.
I was listening to Dre Chronic 2001 at that time.
And really I just, like bit the drums off "Xxplosive" and put it like with it sped up, sampled, and now it's kind of like my whole style, when it started, when he rapped on "This Can't be Life."
And that was like, really the first beat of that kind
that was on The Dynasty album.
the resurgence of the soul sound
and I got to meet Jay-Z and he said, "Oh you a real soulful dude."
[Jay-Z: "Oh you a real soulful dude, man"]
You know how he do it, one take
And he said

[Jay-Z: "Check this out, tell me what you think of this, right here"]

"Tell me what you think of this." And I heard it, and I was thinking like, man, I really wanted more like of the simple type Jay-Z. I ain't want like the, the more introspective, complicated rhy- or the... in my personal opinion.
So he asked me, "What you think of it?"

[Jay-Z: "so what you think of this?"]

And I was like, "Man that shit tight," you know what I'm sayin', man what I'ma tell him? I was on the train, man, you know.
So after that I went back home. And man I'm, I'm just in Chicago, I'm trying to do my thing. You know, I got groups. I got acts I'm trying to get on, and like there wasn't nothin really like poppin' off the way it should have been.
One of my homies that was one of my artists, he got signed. But it was supposed to really go through my production company, but he ended up going straight with the company. So, like I'm just straight holdin' the phone, gettin' the bad news that dude was tryin' to leave my company. And I got evicted at the same time. So I went down and tracked the beats from him, I took that money, came back, packed all my shit up in a U-Haul, maybe about ten days before I had to actually get out so I ain't have to deal with the landlord cause he's a jerk. Me and my mother drove to...

[Mother: "Come on, let's just go"]

...Newark, New Jersey. I hadn't even seen my apartment. I remember I pulled up...

[Mother: "Kanye, baby, we're here"]

...I unpacked all my shit.
I bought a bed, I put the bed together myself.
the first beat I made was, uh, "Heart of the City."
And Beans was still working on his album at that time
so I came up there to Baseline,
it was Beans' birthday
"Nothing Like It"
but then Jay walked in.
I remember he had a Gucci bucket hat on. I remember it like, like it was yesterday.
And Hiphop said, "Yo play that one beat for him." And I played "Heart of the City." And
really I made "Heart of the City," I really wanted to give that beat
To DMX
And I played another beat, and I played another beat. And I remember that Gucci bucket, he took it and like put it over his face and made one of them faces like 'OOOOOOOOOOH.'
Two days later I'm in Baseline and I seen Dame. Dame didn't know who I was and I was like, "Yo what's up I'm Kanye."

[Dame: "Yo, you that kid, Kanye?"]

"You that kid that gave all them beats to Jay?
Yo, this nigga got classics"

[Dame: "Jay got classics, G."]
And all this time I'm starstruck, man
still thinking 'bout, you know I'm picturing these niggas on the show, The Streets is Watching, I'm lookin, these were superstars in my eyes. And they still are, you know.
Lenny S,
Louis Vuitton sneakers on, he think he fly.
Ty-Ty
John Meneilly
And I spit this rap that said, uh "I'm killin y'all niggas on that lyrical shit. Mayonnaise colored Benz, I push miracle whips." And I saw his eyes light up when I said that line. But you know the rest, the rap was like real wack and shit, so that's all the response.
So, Blueprint, "H to the Izzo," my first hit single.
My relationship with Kweli I think was one of the best ones to ever happen to my career as a rapper. Because, you know, of course later he allowed me to go on tour with him. Man, I appre-- I love him for that.
And at this time, you know I didn't have a deal, I had songs, and I had relationships with all these A&R's
they wanted beats from me, so they'd call me up, I'd play them some beats. "Gimme a beat that sound like Jay-Z." You know, they dick riders. Whatever.
So I'll play them these post-Blueprint beats or whatever and then I'll play my shit. I'll be like, "yo but I rap too."
I guess they was lookin' at me crazy cause you know, cause I ain't have a jersey on or whatever
everybody out there listen here. I played them 'Jesus Walks' and they didn't sign me.
Like, Dave Lighty fucked with me,
Jessica Rivera, man...

[Jessica: "Man, you niggas is stupid if y'all don't sign Kanye, for real."]
The nigga that was behind me, I mean, he wasn't even a nigga, you know?
The person who actually kicked everything off was Joe 3H from Capitol Records. He wanted to sign me really bad
Dame was like, "Yo you got a deal with Capitol? Okay man, just make sure it's not wack."

[Dame: "You gotta make sure it's not wack."]
Young Guru
So I played... actually it's a song that you'll never hear, but maybe I might use it. So, it's called 'Wow.'
I go to Jacob with 25 thou, you go with 25 hundred, wow
I got eleven plaques on my walls right now
You got your first gold single, damn, nigga, wow."
Like the chorus went. Don't bite that chorus, I might still use it. So I play that song for him
he's like "oh shit"

[Dame: "Oh shit it's not even wack."]

"I ain't gonna front, it's kinda hot."

[Dame: "it's actually kinda hot."]

Like they still weren't looking at me like a rapper. And I'm sure Dame figured, 'like man. If he do a whole album, if his raps is wack at least we can throw Cam on every song and save the album, you know
So uh Dame took me into the office, and he's like "yo man, B, B, you don't want a brick, you don't want a brick"

[Dame: "you don't wanna catch a brick"]

"You gotta be under an umbrella, you'll get rained on."
3H.
"oh he's just a producer rapper"
the day I'm talking about, I planned out everything I was gonna do. Man, I had picked out clothes, I already started booking studio sessions, I started arranging my album, thinking of marketing schemes, man I was ready to go.
they had Mel call me, they said, "yo... Capitol pulled on the deal"

[Mel: "Yo, Capitol pulled out on the deal."]
I went up... I called G, I said, "man, you think we could still get that deal with Roc-A-Fella?"
[So won't you raise your glass, won't you...]
