[Music Video]
[Produced by Kanye West]
Yo, Gee, they can't stop me from rapping, can they?
Can they, Hop?
I spit it through the wire, man
There's too much stuff on my heart right now, man
I'd gladly risk it all right now
It's a life-or-death situation, man
Y'all, y'all don't really understand how I feel right now
It's your boy Kanye to the...
Chi-town, what's goin' on?
I drink a Boost for breakfast, an Ensure for dessert
Somebody ordered pancakes, I just sip the sizzurp
That right there could drive a sane man berserk
Mr. H-to-the-Izzo's
wi-zerk
How do you console my mom or give her light support
Telling her her son's on life support?
And just imagine how my girl feel
On the plane, scared as hell that her guy look like Emmett Till
She was with me before the deal, she'd been trying to be mine
She a Delta, so she'd been throwing that Dynasty sign
No use in me tryin' to be lyin', I been tryin' to be signed
Tryin' to be a millionaire, how I used two lifelines
In the same hospital where Biggie Smalls died
The doctor said I had blood clots, but I ain't Jamaican, man
Story on MTV and I ain't trying to make a band
I swear this right here, history in the making, man
I really apologize for everything right now
If it's unclear at all, man
They got my mouth wired shut for like I dunno
The doctor said like six weeks
Y'know he had, I had reconstructive surgery on my jaw
I looked in the mirror and half my jaw was in the back of my mouth, man, I couldn't believe it
But I'm still here for y'all right now, man
[Verse 2]
What if somebody from the Chi' that was ill got a deal
On the hottest rap label around?
But he wasn't talking about coke and birds
It was more like spoken word
Except he's really putting it down?
And he explained the story about how blacks came from glory
And what we need to do in the game
Good dude, bad night, right place, wrong time
In the blink of a eye, his whole life changed
If you could feel how my face felt
You would know how Mase felt
Thank God I ain't too cool for the safe belt
I swear to God, Driver 2 wants to sue
I got a lawyer for the case to keep what's in my safe safe
My dawgs
I looked like Tom Cruise in Vanilla Sky
It was televised
There's been an accident like GEICO
They thought I was burnt up like Pepsi did Michael
I must got a angel, cause look how death missed his ass
Unbreakable, what, you thought they'd call me Mr. Glass?
Look back on my life like the Ghost of Christmas Past
Toys "R" Us where I used to spend that Christmas cash
And I still won't grow up, I'm a grown-ass kid
Swear I should be locked up for stupid shit that I did
But I'm a champion
so I turned tragedy to triumph
Make music that's fire
spit my soul through the wire
[Outro]
Y'know what I'm saying?
When the doctor told me I had, um, that I was gonna have to have a plate in my chin, I said
"Dawg, don't you realize I'll never make it on a plane now?
It's bad enough I got all this jewelry on!" Haha
She can't be serious, man
