[Produced by Young Chop; co-production by Kanye West, Noah Goldstein, and The Twilite Tone]
[Verse 1: Pusha T]
Fraud niggas, y'all niggas, that's that shit I don't like
Your shit make believe, rapping 'bout my own life
Real names kill things, that's that shit I won't write
Cause my niggas still selling dope like they ain't on their third strikes
Camping out in that corridor, fuck you waiting on Jordans for?
I middle-man it for 23, just meet me somewhere around Baltimore
(Woo!) That's rare nigga, (Woo!) Ric Flair nigga
(Woo!) The power's in my hair nigga
(Woo!) I give this beat the chair nigga
SoHo or Tribeca, three hoes: trifecta
Dope money, hope money,
Hublot, my watch better
My pen's better, you don't write, trendsetter, you clone-like
Pay homage or K's vomit  ungrateful niggas, I don't like
Rrrah!
[Hook: Chief Keef]
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like
[Verse 2: Kanye West]
(This Chicago, nigga!)
They smile in my face is what I don't like
They steal your whole sound, that's a soundbite
The media crucify me like they did Christ
They want to find me not breathing like they found Mike
A girl'll run her mouth only out of spite
But I never hit a woman never in my life
I was in too deep like Mekhi Phife'
In that pussy so deep I could have drowned twice
Rose gold Jesus piece with the brown ice
Eating good, vegetarian with the brown rice
Girls kissing girls, cause it's hot, right?
But unless they use a strap-on then they not dykes
They ain't about that life, they ain't about that life
We hanging out that window it's about to be a Suge night
Free Bump J, real nigga for life
Shoutout to Derrick Rose, man that nigga nice
Shout out to L-E-P,
Jay Boogie right?
Chief Keef, King Louie, this is Chi, right? Right?!
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like
Don't like, don't like
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
[Verse 3: Chief Keef]
(Young Chop on the beat)
Fake Gucci, that's that shit that I don't like
Smoking on this dope, higher than a kite
This bitch gon' love me now, she gon' let me pipe
Screaming Sosa, that's that nigga that I like
I don't want relations, I just want one night
Cause a thirsty bitch, that's the shit that I don't like
I got tats up on my arm, cause this shit is life
And I stunt so much in clothes, cause I'm living life
I come up on the scene, and I'm stealing light
Bitch I'm high off life, got me feeling right
Bitch I'm Chief Keef, fuck who don't like
And bitch we GBE,
we just go on sight
[Hook: Chief Keef]
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like
We are not one and the same, nigga I'm fucking insane, fuck is you saying?
Yo ass been doing the same, shit, not doing what you saying
Dang, I told yo old bitch she was fucking a lame, turn one ho to a train
Blaow, blang, my niggas holding that pain,
I just hope you been praying
Bang bang!
Riding for my niggas and that's for life
High class, I'm just surrounded by these lowlifes
And I run this bitch like it's no lights
Going hard the whole night cause I ain't going back to my old life
I promise
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like
[Verse 5: Jadakiss]
I done sold purple,
I done sold white
Running outta work,
that's that shit I don't like
She never let me hit it, she gave me dome twice
She blowing up my phone, that's that bitch I don't like
Nah, jean jacket with the sleeves cut
Put the pressure on 'em just when they think that I eased up
Thirty for the Cuban, 'nother 30 for the Jesus
Believe in ourselves when nobody else believed us
Suckas
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like
