Part 1 - Sing About Me
[Produced by Sounwave and Skhye Hutch]
When the lights shut off
And it's my turn to settle down
My main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
I said when the lights shut off
And it's my turn to settle down
My main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
[Verse 1]
I woke up this morning and figured I'd call you
In case I'm not here tomorrow,
I'm hoping that I can borrow
A peace of mind, I'm behind on what's really important
My mind is really distorted, I find nothing but trouble in my life
I'm fortunate you believe in a dream
This orphanage we call a ghetto is quite a routine
And last night was just another distraction or a reaction
Of what we consider madness,
I know exactly what happened
You ran outside when you heard my brother cry for help
Held him like a newborn baby and made him feel
Like everything was alright and a fight he tried to put up
But the type of bullet that stuck had went against his will
As blood spilled on your hands,
my plans rather vindictive
Everybody's a victim in my eyes
When I ride, it's a murderous rhythm and outside became pitch black
A demon glued to my back whispering, "Get em"
I got 'em, and I ain't give a fuck
That same mentality that told my brother not to duck
In actuality, it's a trip how we trip off of colors
I wonder if I'll ever discover a passion like you
and recover
The life that I knew as a young'n
in pajamas and dun-ta-duns
When thunder comes it rains cats and dogs
Dumb niggas like me never prosper
Prognosis of a problem child,
I'm proud and well devoted
This piru shit been in me forever
So forever I'mma push it, wherever, whenever
And I love you cause you love my brother like you did
Just promise me you'll tell this story when you make it big
And if I die before your album drop, I hope
(gunshots)
[Verse 2]
You wrote a song about my sister on your tape
And called it Section.80, the message resembled "Brenda's Got a Baby"
What's crazy was, I was hearin about it
But doubted your ignorance how could you ever just put her on blast and shit
Judging her past and shit, well it's completely my future
Her nigga behind me right now asking for ass and shit
And I'mma need that 40 dollars even if I gotta
Fuck, suck and swallow in the parking lot
Gonzales Park, I'm followed by a married man, a father of three
My titties bounce on the cadence of his tinkling keys
Matter of fact, he my favorite cause he tip me with E's
He got a cousin named David and I seen him last week
This is the life of another girl damaged by the system
These foster homes, I run away and never do miss 'em
See, my hormones just run away and if I can get 'em back
To where they used to be then I'll probably be in the denim
Of a family gene that show women how to be women
Or better yet, a leader, you need her to learn somethin'
Then you probably need to beat her, that's how I was taught
Three niggas in one room, first time I was tossed
And I'm exhausted, but fuck that "Sorry for your loss" shit
My sister died in vain, but what point are you trying to gain
If you can't fit the pumps I walk in?
I'll wait
Your rebuttal a little too late
And if you have a album date, just make sure I'm not in the song
Cause I don't need the attention bring enough of that on my own
And matter fact, did I mention that I physically feel great?
A doctor's approval is a waste of time, I know I'm straight
I'll probably live longer than you and never fade away
I'll never fade away, I'll never fade away, I know my fate
And I'm on the grind for this cake, I'mma get it or die trying
I'm eyeing every male gender with intentions of buying
You lying to these motherfuckers, talking about you can help 'em
With my story, you can help me if you sell this pussy for me, nigga
Don't ignore me, nigga, fuck your glory, nigga...
[Verse 3]
Sometimes I look in a mirror and ask myself:
Am I really scared of passing away?
If it's today, I hope I hear a
Cry out from heaven so loud it can water down a demon
With the holy ghost 'til it drown in the blood of Jesus
I wrote some raps that make sure that my lifeline
Reeking the scent of a reaper, ensuring that my allegiance
With the other side may come soon,
and if I'm doomed
May the womb help my mother be blessed for many moons
I suffer a lot,
and every day the glass mirror
Get tougher to watch; I tie my stomach in knots
And I'm not sure why I'm infatuated with death
My imagination is surely an aggravation of threats
That can come about, cause the tongue is mighty powerful
And I can name a list of your favorites that probably vouch
Maybe cause I'm a dreamer and sleep is the cousin of death
Really stuck in the schema of wonderin' when I'mma rest
And you're right, your brother was a brother to me
And your sister's situation was the one that pulled me
In a direction to speak of something that's realer than the TV screen
By any means, wasn't trying to offend or come between
Her personal life, I was like "It need to be told"
Cursing the life of twenty generations after her soul
Exactly what'd happen if I ain't continued rappin'
Or steady being distracted by money drugs and four-
Fives,
I count lives all on these songs
Look at the weak and cry, pray one day, you'll be strong
Fighting for your rights even when you're wrong
And hope that at least one of you sing about me when I'm gone
Am I worth it?
Did I put enough work in?
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
I said when the lights shut off
And it's my turn to settle down
My main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
(Promise that you'll sing about me forever
Promise that you'll sing about me for-ooooh)
(On the phone:)
"Nigga, the homie's brother-- nigga, right here, he gone, my nigga, he gone!"
"Nigga-- they just killed the homie's brother, my nigga. We right here on the block, my nigga."
"Al- alright, nigga-- nigga just come-- alright, alright, just call me back, man, just call me back."
(Hangs up)
"Arghh... *fuck!*
...So what we gon' do, my niggas? What we gon' do?"
"Bro, we can go back right now, my nigga. Like... nigga, I don't give a FUCK, my nigga. We can go back right now.*"
"Fuck! I'm tired of this shit! I'm tired of fuckin' runnin', I'm tired of this shit! My brother, homie!"
Part 2 - I'm Dying of Thirst
[Produced by Like from Pac Div]
Tired of running, tired of hunting
My own kind
but retiring nothing
Tires are steady screeching, the driver is rubbing
Hands on the wheel, who said we wasn't
Dying of thirst, dying of thirst, dying of thirst
Dope on the corner, look at the coroner
Daughter is dead, mother is mournin' her
Strayed bullets, AK bullets
Resuscitation was waiting patiently but they couldn't
Bring her back,
who got the footage?
Channel 9,
cameras is looking
It's hard to channel your energy when you know you're crooked
Banana clip, split his banana pudding
I'm like Tre, that's Cuba Gooding
I know I'm good at
Dying of thirst, dying of thirst, dying of thirst
How many sins? I'm running out
How many sins? I lost count
Dreams of balling like Spalding
But only shotty bounce
The reaper calling, I'm cottonmouth
Money is power (money is power)
Yours is ours (yours is ours)
Lay with a snitch, die with a coward
Hope we get rich, hope we can tower
Over the city with vanity with the music louder
The same song,
a black flower
I'll show you how to
dye your thirst, dye your thirst, dye your thirst
What are we doing?
Who are we fooling?
Hell is hot, fire is proven
To burn for eternity,
return of the student
That never learned how to live righteous but how to shoot it
Tired of running, choirs is hummin'
Tell us to visit, we lying 'bout comin'
Now back to business, loading the guns in
Back of the Buick, your hood is feuding, and the beef is bubblin'
It's no discussion
Hereditary, all of my cousins
Dying of thirst, dying of thirst, dying of thirst
Too many sins, I'm running out
Somebody send me a well for the drought
See, all I know, is taking notes
On taking this life for granted, granted, if he provoke
My best days, are stress days
(Lord, forgive me for all my sins for I not know...)
My best days, are stress days
Say "Fuck the world," my sex slave
Money, pussy and greed; what's my next crave
Whatever it is, know it's my next grave
Tired of running, tired of running
Tired of tumbling, tired of running
Tired of tumbling
Back once my momma say
"See a pastor, give me a promise
What if today was the rapture, and you completely tarnished
The truth will set you free, so to me be completely honest
You dying of thirst, you dying of thirst
So hop in that water, and pray that it works"
[Skit/Outro]
Fuck! Im tired of this shit! Im tired of fuckin' runnin', Im tired of this shit! Thats my brother, homie!
"Young man, come talk to me! Is that what I think that is?
I know that's not what I think that is
Why are you so angry? See you young men are dying of thirst
Do you know what that means? That means you need water, holy water
You need to be baptized, with the spirit of The Lord
Do you want to receive God as your personal savior? Okay, repeat after me
"Lord God, I come to you a sinner" (Lord God, I come to you a sinner)
"And I humbly repent for my sins" (And I humbly repent for my sins)
"I believe that Jesus is Lord" (I believe Jesus is Lord)
"I believe you raised him from the dead" (I believe you raised him from the dead)
"I would ask that Jesus come into my life" (I would ask that Jesus come in my life)
"And to be my Lord and Savior" (And to be my Lord and Savior)
"I receive Jesus to take control of my life" (I receive Jesus to take control of my life)
"And that I may live with him from this day forward" (And that I may live with him from this day forward)
"Thank you Lord Jesus for saving me with your precious blood" (Thank you Lord Jesus for saving me with your precious blood)
"In Jesus name, amen" (In Jesus name, amen)
"Alright now, remember this day: the start of a new life
Your REAL life."
