I hold it down like a Snapchat
Go over your head like a snapback
Uploaded a pic, double tap that
And your flow's so old, granddad (bruh)
It's just banter
I'm way too much like a black cab (oi boss!)
Why you Snapchatting in the club for?
Just dance, man
Like yo famalam, yo fam, yo famalam
Ain't no gyal badder than
I'm on the roads, caravan
Let me do this fast, Ramadan
Cause it's going down, avalanche
I'mma keep it short, paragraph
Queen Lesh, I'mma reign, anorak
Take it off his rail, Nazareth
Oh Jesus, oh Lord, oh Jesus
A couple of snakey friends just Adam and Eve'd us
And there's no debate on who's better
I'll turn a man to a girl like Bruce Jenner
I shell down the dance like braaa
Mi bruck down di dance like braaa
Dudududu, dudududu
I be the one they love, I be the don
They know where I'm from
01 to the 21
yo bredrin
Where has your hairline gone?
I can't believe it, I can't believe the cheek
Some girls wake up and don't even brush their teeth
That's a dead ting, that's a bad breath ting
How could you talk my name and you ain't even brushed your teeth?
Brush your teeth, brush your teeth
Brush your teeth, brush your teeth
Brush your teeth, brush your teeth
Brush your teeth, brush your teeth
Bars cold like a tip top
You've got a pot belly like Rick Ross
Stiff gyal do the tick tock
Big mouth gyal, where's your lips gone?
I ain't got time to be ticked off
But I got a new wristwatch
Let's go toe to toe, flip flops
I'll make the crowd jump like Kris Kross
I've got a dark skin friend that looks like Rachel Dolezal
And I've got a light skin friend that looks like Rachel Dolezal
Which one's which? Not sure
Dem gyal are clapped, encore
Don't think you're buff cause you're wearing contour
Cause I'll wipe your brows off
I'll snatch your wig and your nails off
(Bye Felicia!)
I go blind, hands out
Like I'm at the nail shop
Look, these girls are bluffin'
They really ain't on nuttin'
You can't do dirt on me
(Are you gonna go and get your cousin?) What?
Everyting ain't rosy, I beg you not
I'll Queen Latifah and set it off
Then I bounce like a belly flop
Got one eye on your man, Fetty Wap
Yeah baby, I'm getting gwop
Watch me like Netflix
You go to the club
But you ain't got dough for your gas and electric, dead ting
I can't believe it, I can't believe the cheek
Some man wake up and don't even brush their teeth
How could you do that? How could you even speak?
How could you talk my name and you ain't even brushed your teeth?
Brush your teeth, brush your teeth
Brush your teeth, brush your teeth
Brush your teeth, brush your teeth
Brush your teeth, brush your teeth
