Ladies and gentlemen, you coulda been anywhere in the world tonight, but youre here with us in New York City.
Are you ready for a cabinet meeting???
The issue on the table: Secretary Hamiltons plan to assume state debt and establish a national bank. Secretary Jefferson, you have the floor, sir
Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
We fought for these ideals; we shouldnt settle for less
These are wise words, enterprising men quote em
Dont act surprised, you guys, cuz I wrote em

[JEFFERSON/MADISON]
Oww
But Hamilton forgets
His plan would have the government assume states debts
Now, place your bets as to who that benefits:
The very seat of government where Hamilton sits
Not true!
Ooh, if the shoe fits, wear it
If New Yorks in debt
Why should Virginia bear it?
Uh! Our debts are paid, Im afraid
Dont tax the South cuz we got it made in the shade
In Virginia, we plant seeds in the ground
We create. You just wanna move our money around
This financial plan is an outrageous demand
And its too many damn pages for any man to understand
Stand with me in the land of the free
And pray to God we never see Hamiltons candidacy
Look, when Britain taxed our tea, we got frisky
Imagine what gon happen when you try to tax our whisky
[CROWD (reacting)]

That's my alcohol!
Thank you, Secretary Jefferson
[HAMILTON]
Thomas. That was a real nice declaration
Welcome to the present, were running a real nation
Would you like to join us, or stay mellow
Doin whatever the hell it is you do in Monticello?
If we assume the debts, the union gets
A new line of credit
a financial diuretic
How do you not get it? If were aggressive and competitive
The union gets a boost. Youd rather give it a sedative?
A civics lesson from a slaver. Hey neighbor
Your debts are paid cuz you dont pay for labor
We plant seeds in the South. We create.
Yeah, keep ranting
We know whos really doing the planting
And another thing,
Mr. Age of Enlightenment
Dont lecture me about the war, you didnt fight in it
You think Im frightened of you, man?
We almost died in a trench
While you were off getting high with the French
Thomas Jefferson, always hesitant with the President
Reticentthere isnt a plan he doesnt jettison
Madison, youre mad as a hatter, son, take your medicine
Damn, youre in worse shape than the national debt is in
Sittin there useless as two shits
Hey, turn around, bend over, Ill show you
Where my shoe fits
Excuse me? Madison, Jefferson, take a walk! Hamilton, take a walk! Well reconvene after a brief recess. Hamilton!

[HAMILTON]
Sir!

[WASHINGTON]
A word
You dont have the votes
Aha-ha-ha ha!
Such a blunder sometimes it makes me wonder why I even bring the thunder
Why he even brings the thunder
You wanna pull yourself together?
Im sorry, these Virginians are birds of a feather
Young man, Im from Virginia, so watch your mouth
So we let Congress get held hostage by the South?
No, we need bold strokes. We need this plan
No, you need to convince more folks
James Madison wont talk to me, thats a nonstarter
Winning was easy, young man. Governings harder
Theyre being intransigent
You have to find a compromise
But they dont have a plan, they just hate mine!
Convince them otherwise
Sir
Figure it out, Alexander.
Thats an order from your commander
