Location: Toronto; Status: five star hotel, Four Seasons. Them chumps right upstairs, they know not to come down here playin' no real niggas. Mood: I'm still up countin' five hundred thousand cash. Nicki in the bedroom sleep, life is good
I've been in my cell for a week straight
Locked down 24, no more Philip's Steak
Damn, shit's so real it seems fake
Damn, let me take 'em to the green gate
When we was sellin' white girl
Audemar shinin' like it need a light bill
These niggas dick ride like they don't even like girls
A hundred thousand for the jet, yeah that's the flight bill
Damn, cost four bricks to go to the LIV nigga
Whole squad on some shit, that's how we live nigga
Twenty-five bad bitches what we did nigga
That's fifty different Louboutins bleedin' red nigga
Whew, I ain't blood and I ain't crippin' neither
On the phone with the plug talkin' Justin Bieber
I made a milly last week and I ain't touch it neither
Straight cash tryna give 'em straight gas
Catch you out in Brooklyn, get your chain tookin'
My Philly boys'll creep up on you when you ain't lookin'
With your lil memes, I be with the real queen
Screamin' free the real Preme, we be doin' real things
Pull up with a bad bitch, whippin' somethin' real mean
Marchin' all these fuckin' drums on me like a drill team
I be with my young niggas, all they know is kill things
Don't make me make a real scene, uh
See an OVO chain, probably take that shit
Said dreamin' wasn't enough, we had to chase that shit
You ain't write it' nigga, we caught ya, can't erase that shit
And you claimin' you HOV now? Why you state that shit?
Man I hate that shit, niggas be talkin' out they face
But soon as you body somethin' they be singin' like they Drake
Wait, niggas dancin' like they fruitcakes
Hotline Bling don't get no bing up in this new Wraith
Pull up on the plug, swap that bag with the suitcase
DC4 on the way, that's nigga's due date
Robbed you in your city and you told
Tory from the 6, you hatin' on him, Lord knows
Culture vulture, now it's time to pay the tolls
Soft as the lacrosse team, boy that's word to HOV
No reply, word to God I'm on the floor still
Me and Nicki watchin' the Sixers,
I'm closin' more deals
Dreamchasers' double MG, we got the door sealed
Roc Nation, Atlantic Records, I'm on my fourth deal
When I met you, you was on my dick
Asked me to hold the DC chain, now you on some shit
Omelly told me get it back cause he's like "boy's a bitch"
And I'm like, let him get it took cause we gon' charge 'em trips
Fuckboy, huh charge you triple the way this real nigga stamp. Chasers, ahh.
Location: Philly; Mood: Glock with 30; Status: triple OG, never been disrespected without retaliation, chump
I've been in the hood for like a year straight
Sippin' dirty, it be hard for me to stand straight
Damn, it's time to cut the dead weight
I'm tryna turn my CLS into a red Wraith
When I was sellin' hard crack you was scared straight
I dropped 9 and bought the Rollie with the red face
Meek the one that got the mil, the one that got the deal
I'm still lampin' with the shooters and they poppin' pills
These niggas like to rap diss they get popped for real
It's time to son these pussy rappers, I'm their pop for real
I'm the type to fuck your mom cause she's a thot for real
And I ain't got one, my pump playin' shotgun
Quarterback that Glock, Cam Newton, and you catch a hot one
And for the fam I'll keep shootin' until the cops come
Reload, double back, hold up cuz, I got one
Official only respect official and you are not one
No, we are not them, we be on some other shit
Deep in them trenches, duckin' narcotics and the government
Tracin' the dollar, flippin' that product, tryna double shit
Chewing like it's double mint
Man, who you niggas fuckin' with?
Hah, hey Meek Mill man, I'ma start running down on these niggas too. Real rap, these niggas soft and they frauds, check DC record nigga, we flawless. Any nigga stepped up to the fuckin' plate got rolled over. I ain't just talkin' to be talkin', nigga, check the resume.
How many times we got to fuck the city up for you niggas to pay homage. Fuck you niggas talking bout nigga? Slide through 20 deep, I'm talkin' bout 7 Rolls Royces, 3 Maybachs, 20 Rollies, 30 Cubans, 25 bad bitches, 25 Chanel bags, 6 Caddie trucks, jumbo jets. Stop playin' nigga, we came from nothin'
