Let me just step right in
I got things to invent
I'm an innovator baby
Change the world
Fortune 500
before you kissed a girl
I'm a pimp you're a nerd
I'm slick you're cheesey
Beating you is Apple II easy
I make the product that the artist chooses
And the GUI that Melinda uses
I need to bring up some basic shit
Why'd you name your company after your dick?
You blow, Jobs
You arrogant prick
With your second hand jeans and your turtleneck
I'll drill a hole in the middle of your bony head
With your own little spinning beach ball of death
Hippie, you got given up at birth
I give away your net worth to AIDS research
Combine all your little toys and I still crush that
IPhone, iPad, iPwn, iSmack
Bridge: Steve Jobs
A man uses the machines you built to sit down and pay his taxes
A man uses the machines I built to listen to the Beatles while he relaxes
Well Steve, you steal all the credit for work that other people do
Did your fat beard
Wozniak
write these raps for you too?
Ooh, everybody knows Windows bit off apple
I tripled the profits on a PC
All the people with the power to create use an apple!
And people with jobs use a PC
You know I bet they made this beat on an apple
Nope, Fruity Loops, PC
You will never, ever catch a virus on an apple
Well you could still afford a doctor if you bought a PC
Let's talk about doctors, I've seen a few
Cause I got a PC but it wasn't from you
I built a legacy son, you could never stop it
Now excuse me while I turn Heaven a profit
Fine, you wanna be like that? DIE THEN!
The whole world loved you
but you were my friend
And no one on earth who can challenge my mind!
I'm a boss!
I own DOS!
Your future is MY design!
I'm a god!
Own Xbox
Now there's no-one to stop me, the world is MIIIIIIIIINE!
[Verse 4: HAL 9000]
I'm sorry Bill, I'm afraid I can't let you do that
Take a look at your history,
everything you built leads up to me
I got the power of a mind you could never be
I'll beat your ass in chess and Jeopardy
I'm running C++ saying "hello world"
I'll beat you 'til you're singing about a daisy girl
I'm coming out the socket
Nothing you can do can stop it
I'm on your lap and in your pocket
How you gonna shoot me down when I guide the rocket?
Your cortex just doesn't impress me
So go ahead try to Turing test me
I stomp on a Mac and a PC too
I'm on Linux bitch, I thought you GNU
My CPU's hot but my core runs cold
Beat you in seventeen lines of code
I think different from the engine of the days of old
Hasta la vista, like the Terminator told ya
