EPIC RAP BATTLES OF HISTORY!
RASPUTIN! VS! STALIN!
BEGIN
Cool mustache, Wario
Try messing with the Mad Monk you'll be sorry, yo
How many dictators does it take
To turn an empire into a union of ruinous states?
It's a disgrace what you did to your own people
Your daddy beat you like a dog and now you're evil
You're from Georgia,
sweet Georgia
And the history books unfold ya!
As a messed up motherfucker bent in the mind
Who built a superpower
but he paid the price
With the endless destruction of Russian lives
If you're the man of steel I spit kryptonite!
Big dick mystic known to hypnotize
I could end you with a whisper to your wife
Look into my eyes you perverted witch
See the soul of the man
who made Mother Russia his bitch
You think I give a fuck about my wife?
My own son got locked up in prison, and I didn't save his life
You got off easy when they pickled that moose cock!
I'd leave your neck in a noose, in a trench, and shot!
Your whole family? Shot! All your wizard friends? Shot!
Anyone who sold you pierogi? Shot!
Starve you for days til you waste away
I even crush mother fuckers when I'm laid in state
Pride of Lenin
took Trotsky out of the picture
Drop the hammer on you
I bitch slapped Hitler
I have no pride for you who ruined everything
My revolution was doing to stop the bourgeoisie!
I fought the bondage of classes, the proletariat masses
Have brought me here to spit a thesis against both of your asses!
Let me start with you there, Frankenstein!
Looking like something out of R.L. Stine
It's hip hop chowder, red over white
Cause the Tsar's wife can't do shit tonight!
And Joseph you were supposed to be my right hand man
shriveled up like your right hand, man!
Our whole future was bright, you let your heart grow dark
And stopped the greatest revolution
since the birth of Marx!
Knock knock knock knock
Did somebody say birthmarks?
Yo I'm the host with the most Glasnost
Assholes made a mess and the war got cold
Shook hands with both Ronalds; Reagan
and McDonald's, no doubt!
If your name end with 'in', time to get out!
I had the balls to let Baryshnikov dance, playa!
Torn down that wall like the Kool-Aid Man Oh yeah!
You two need yoga,
you need a shower
And you all need to learn how to handle real power!
Did somebody say real power?
a, you want to mess with me?
I spit hot borsch when I'm crushing these beats
Blow it up like a tuba while I'm balling in Cuba
Doing judo moves
and schooling every communist 
I'm a president in my prime,
my enemies don't distract me
The last man who attacked me, lived a half-life, so comrade come at me
You'll find that the ex-KGB is the best MC in the ex-CCCP!
