[Produced by Allen Ritter, Boi-1da & Vinylz]
Ain't yellin' cut, when it's shootin' time,
sign up, it's recruitin' time
Big wigs, with a suit and tie,
and them big things got two inside
Fuck wrong, wit' these ho niggas?
Don't do coke, I don't blow niggas
I don't tell niggas, I show niggas
and it's never less than, like 4 niggas
(Four-four) 4 wings and some french fries, hot sauce and ketchup nigga
He telling and he hiding, but real niggas still catch a nigga
Cop Raris? I don't test drive 'em,
home theaters, can't Best Buy 'em
These niggas that I roll with, don't let a single thing get by 'em
King pins and them drug lords, Chi-town, no gun laws
Broke bitches that talk shit? Now them the bitches I stunt for
Malcolm X daughter, came at me,
"Lookin' Ass Niggas" ain't happy
Rolled out, with some Latin Kings and some eses in 'em plain khakis
Smack bitches, no smack cam, closed fists, no back hands
Pop pussy on a hand stand, they suckin' dick, like it's band camp
Call Webb and then call Nitty,
Queens niggas in, it's all hoodies
Kidnappin' and then rob niggas,
call D-Roc for a biggie
Pussy ass little rap niggas,
I fucked with real trap niggas
Pop star, icon, but I send niggas, come snatch niggas
I'm with EBK, you on EBT,
got a black nine, call it BET
School niggas, get a GED,
and I tease niggas, make em B.E.G
Got a money fetish, I'mma fly to Venice, got a big house, I can play some tennis
Lil Herb, what's good? I'm a bad bitch and I fuck good
[Hook: Lil Herb]
Know a couple niggas, that's down to ride for a homicide, when it's drama time
Run up on a nigga, with the llamas flyin', leave his loved ones all traumatized
One-fifty, I'm really with it, I'll drop his ass and then forget it
I'm the man 'round my side of town, might see a bitch and forget I hit it
[Verse 2: Lil Herb]
I'm a young nigga, I be gettin' money,
take your bitch from you
And these niggas don't get no respect,
I'mma stay 100, 'til I'm 6 under
Matter fact, I gotta keep it 150, for every nigga that's gon' come with me
I'm on Roc Block, with a new semi and a blue Bentley it do 160
Smoke a lot a of weed, like fuck kidneys, put a dutch in me,
got a 40 on me, I don't trust any
And if any nigga ever try to end me, I'mma die shooting, prayin' God forgive me
You too busy hating, you can't get no paper, why are y'all so silly?
Straight killers
I can call so many,
I don't love no bitches, but my mom, my sister, my gun and Nicki
I'm in Hollywood, came from Kingston Food,
shorties standing, in the streets with tools
Where I'm from we don't play no games, ain't no April fools, you will make the news
Where I hang, we don't say no names, if you talk to cops, I stay away from you
Keep your mouth shut in them investigations, you'll be out the station, in a day or two
Dedication and a little patience, lead to domination on my way to greatness
Don't put yourself up in a situation, puttin' my relations, in your conversations
Shoot a opposition, with no hesitation,
you get my position, then you better take it
Know some young bulls from a while back, tryna leave the game but they never made it
I got old shit, killin' your shit, on a couple tracks I just never played it
Pussy nigga you don't want war, I got old clips bitch I'm Baron Davis
Pussy nigga you don't want war, I got old clips bitch I'm Baron Davis
[Hook: Lil Herb]
Know a couple niggas, that's down to ride for a homicide, when it's drama time
Run up on a nigga, with the llamas flyin', leave his loved ones all traumatized
One-fifty, I'm really with it, I'll drop his ass and then forget it
I'm the man 'round my side of town, might see a bitch and forget I hit it
Gang, gang, gang shit man you already know how I'm rocking man.
This is G Herbo shout out Nicki Minaj you already know man.
SB just gave me the nine with the green beam, just give me the green light.
Letting niggas have it man we pulling up anywhere wetting shit man.
Got 50s in them Tecs, 50s in them Macs man, 30s in them Glocks. 17 shot Berettas all that shit man. Sawed offs, pumps man what you want?
How you want it, where you want, when you want it man, lets get it.
And I ride dolo from state to state even when I ain't 150 man Chiraq all the way to Queens, lets get it
Uh-huh I always got a trick up my sleeve. I might give you a new trick every week 'till this album drop, I don't know. I figured they want some more, I'ma give you some more.
Ask Webb if I wasn't taking them trips, with 'em nigga! Chea!
