[Hook]
I'm a boss-ass bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch
I'm a boss-ass bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch
I'm a boss-ass bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch
I'm a boss-ass bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch
I'm a boss-ass...
[Verse 1]
Yo, I employ these niggas
They be grown men, but I Little Boy these niggas
Want the cookie, so I gotta Chips Ahoy! These niggas
But I never iPhone, Android, these niggas
Use rubbers with 'em, I don't ever raw, these niggas
More money than 'em, I'mma son all, these niggas
I ain't shoppin', but it's like I gotta store, these niggas
Put 'em on time out, and never call, these niggas
Pussy like girls; damn, is my pussy gay?
It's a holiday: Play-With-My-Pussy Day
"Pussy this, pussy that, pussy taken"
Pussy ride dick, like she ah Jamaican
Pussy stay warm, pussy on vacation
You loose bitches, need a pussy renovation
You could eat it, with a pussy reservation
Pussy 'bout to get, a standin' ovation
Clap, clap-clap for this pussy, nigga
But I can't give this pussy, to a pussy nigga
Aw man, slow down
I'mma get you something that you could hold down
But I can't give you head, I'm too ill for that
I'mma make a movie still,
Kill Bill for that
Cause what the fuck, this ain't Chanel, nigga? Custom done!?
What the fuck, I ain't smokin' hot? Bust me down!?
You the same clown nigga, that was runnin' me down!?
Now you all up in the sauce, cause you wanna be down!?
I said, "Rule Number 1: To Be A Boss-Ass Bitch"
Never let a clown nigga, try to play you
If he play you, then "Rule number 2: -
Fuck his best friends, then make 'em "yes" men"
And get a dick pic, and then you press "Send"
And send a red heart, and send a kissy face
And tell him that his friends, love how your pussy taste
And that's rule 3: I'm the school T
My wrist look like, I am a jewel thief
But that's just cause, I am a boss bitch
Now macaroni cheese, and grill my swordfish
[Hook 2]
(Bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, I'M A BOSS ASS) -
Bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, I'm a boss-ass -
Bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, if-if-if-if-if-if-if-if -
If he catch my drift, he could catch my jizz
I be out in Cali, runnin' all my businesses
I be out in Cali, watchin' back my Christmas vids
Every time I fuck 'em, yes, I tell him "This is his"
Looked down at it, and I said, "This is big!"
Man, my game so cold I said, "This is rigged"
Best flow in the game, this is not a lie
Tell 'em bitches, cross their T's and dot their I
I-I-I-I-I-I- I came back, bitches' flows still boring
I said, "Damn, man, go back to whoring"
You know I still lead the league, in scoring -
You know I'm still bad, and I'm still foreign
I'mma give bitches, time to get hot
Chill out at the game, New York, Knickerbock
If they actually got bars, they could rock
But if not, I'mma destroy chicks a lot, OH -
But on the real, I'm in album mode
I just dropped this freestyle, 'fore these files get old
When I lay low, bitches be safe and sound
When I come back, they better not make a sound
I hear you...
When I'm back on the prowl
You bitches better have my money
Cause I'm comin' for you
Ooh, ooh...
Uh, okay, I order rich bitch sauce
Rich bitch cold, got a rich bitch cough
Which bitch want it? I go rich bitch off
Cause you know my style gettin' bit, ripped-off
When I'm at the restaurant: rich bitch sauce
Rich bitch cold, I got a rich bitch cough
Which bitch want it? I go rich bitch off
And you know my style gettin' bit, ripped-off
Off! Off! Off! Off! Off! Off! Off!
I'm a bo-I'm a boss
Ask Lil Wayne who the five-star bitch is (x2)
Ask Lil Wayne, ask Lil Wayne
Ask Lil Wayne who the five-star bitch is
Ask Birdman who the five-star bitch is
Ask Young Money who the five-star bitch is
Who the five-star bitch is, who the five-star bitch is
Ask Birdman who the five-star bitch is
Ask Lil Wayne, ask Lil Wayne
Ask Lil Wayne who the five-star bitch is
