I fucked this flow
This is my electronic press kit, I hot as some fresh shit
Nigga recollect bitch,
grow grey hairs, don't stress it
I text message, messages to fuckin' estrogen
She lets me in, I sex her then she sexier than my leather vans
Cause I never am purchasing,
reimbursing your courtesy
Put your body on the curb to work the street, I hearse the streets
Heard she sweet, she Hershey's sweet but me I'm extravagant
Hop on the bandwagon kid,
I'm about to tell you some tragic shit
The love is lost and the drugs they cost, in the studio mixing raw
Bitches shit in my drawers like you piss in my drawers
Nigga my dick's in her jaw
I'm Wes Snipes with lead pipes
don't dabble with the apple
Cause a swagga like mine turn them apples into Snapple
Fuck the pick of the raffle, king of the castle
Nigga, Genghis Khan mansion, we the Marilyn Manson
Making money in the present, it be safe for my grandsons
African drums for when the champ come, bitch
[Verse 2: Domo Genesis]
Suicide watch nigga, kill yourself
Opposition who?
Nigga reveal yourself
How you steal our swag and figure you still yourself?
Splinter Cell creeping in this bitch, you couldn't feel the stealth
Wolves are prowling, hunger at its fucking best
I'm a beast like the gorilla head that is on my chest
Please let me flex, I'm going off I need some fuckin' bread
Drugs are green, my bitches white and tonight I need fuckin' head
Excuse our swag, I'm tryna tone it down like Jenny Craig
Fresh to death then I guess we looking like the living dead
Oh shit, yo bitch, look at how I'm doing you
Bitches on my dick but look at me I'm fucking beautiful
Niggas tryna figure out, but all I hear in my interviews
Is why this so cool?
You niggas are so unusual
Wolf Gang, point me to a nigga I should prove it to
Under pressure,
we just stand in the middle like hula hoops
[Bridge: Hodgy Beats]
The fortress is fortified (bitch)
Money in my pockets like I'm 45,
Hodgy Beats recording live
Bitch I be surely high
and I don't need wings to fly
I'm the air with the pigs,
Left Brain, Domo Genesis
[Verse 3: Tyler the Creator]
Knock-knock,
who's there? It's me
Your girlfriend had a really nice meeting with my dick (What?)
I killed that pussy and grabbed that knife
Now I got real authentic cheetah print shit (Nigga, you're a liar)
Nigga don't believe me, kiss your lady
And boy, you're gonna get them heebie jeebies?
Nigga my dick stay way disease-y, I make it look easy
51-50, I'm off the Heezy,
you ain't got no fuckin' Yeezy?
(5 albums, 100 songs, and you ain't got no fuckin' Yeezy?
I bet you got some J-Kwon, you ain't got no fuckin Yeezy?)
Came in the game like Speedy Gonzalez, I'm fuckin' Looney
See these girls talkin' all that shit (What?)
I'm just tryna see some tits (What?)
Let's get it poppin' like, MC Lyte, around some dykes
I'm, out this bitch like hocus pocus
And me and Lucas got a couple of pickles
And met up with some bitches, gave 'em cum on their dimples
Then my dick went limp so, took about 3 pills of Extenzo
Now my dick's longer than a 5 door limo
Harder than a soft right hook from kimbo
on PCP
and cilantro
When I'm with your bitch I'm like, "Where my dick go?"
Now she think I'm 'bout to eat her whole
Enchilada,
I gotta lotta that 'Preme and I'm paying nada
It seems that I'm product placement but I'm not I'm just fuckin' awesome
Yo mama look like a ugly (Fuck you) loser
