100. Migos ft. Drake "Versace"
his and J. Coles Jodeci Freestyle",
PARTYNEXTDOORs Over Here,
The Motion" with Sampha,
Atlanta rap trio Migos
99. BIG KRIT "REM"
98. Lupe Fiasco "Peace of paper/Cup of JAYZUS"
97. Joey Badass "#Longlivesteelo"

96. Meek Mill "Lil Nigga Snupe"
Logic
Produced by DJ Don Cannon
None can ignore Def Jams latest signee;
and the flow hits code red
Young Sinatra: Welcome To Forever mixtape.
94. Isaiah Rashad ft. SZA "Ronnie Drake"
93. Kid Cudi ft. King Chip & ASAP Rocky "Brothers"
92. Lupe Fiasco "Animal Pharm"
91. French Montana "Ain't Worried About Nothin'"
usual uncensored subject matter of drugs, bitches and wolves!
89. Mike WiLL Made It ft. Miley Cyrus, Wiz Khalifa, & Juicy J "23"
88. Action Bronson "Strictly For My Jeeps"

87. Rapsody ft. Chance the Rapper "Lonely Thoughts"
86. Ab Soul ft. Mac Miller "The End Is Near"
85. DJ Khaled ft. Drake, Rick Ross, & Lil Wayne "No New Friends"
DJ Khaled's Suffering From Success album.
Produced by Noah "40" Shebib,
A behind-the-scenes photo from this song's video shoot led to the ultra-famous Drake Lean meme,
84. Danny Brown ft. A$AP Rocky "Kush Coma"
83. Rick Ross ft. Future "No Games"

82. Flatbush Zombies "MRAZ"
81. Wale ft. Sam Dew "Love/Hate Thing"
80. Vic Mensa "Lovely Day"
makes you want to get up and dance
some dope bars
a reference to Lupes Daydreamin
79. Meek Mill "Levels"
78. Run The Jewels "A Christmas Fucking Miracle"

77. Lil Wayne ft. Drake & Future "Love Me"
76. Danny Brown ft. Freddie Gibbs "The Return"
75. 2 Chainz "Used 2"
Produced by Mannie Fresh
B.O.A.T.S ll #METIME
Tity Boi travel from Cali to New Orleans in the space of 2 bars, party the night away, and encourage more twerking
74. Lil Wayne ft. 2 Chainz "Rich As Fuck"
73. Vic Mensa ft. Ab-Soul "Holy, Holy"

72. Tech N9ne ft. Serj Tankian "Straight Out The Gate"
71. ASAP Nast ft. Method Man "Trillmatic"
70. Kid Cudi "Immortal"
Indicud
The drums hit hard, the harmonizing is uplifting and the strings melt your ears.
Even an Adam Sandler sample made its way into the joint!
69. Tyler, the Creator "48"
68. Lil Wayne ft. Chance The Rapper "You Song"
67. Jhene Aiko ft. Childish Gambino "Bed Peace"
66. TI ft. B.o.B & Kendrick Lamar "Memories Back Then"
65. Mac Miller ft. Schoolboy Q "Gees"
Mac lays down a characteristically hilarious hook
and blesses us with a nice "FIGG SIDEEEEEEEE" to wrap it all up
64. Lil B "I Love You"
63. Danny Brown ft. Purity Ring "25 Bucks"
62. Schoolboy Q "Yay Yay"
61. Wale ft. Tiara Thomas "Bad"
60. Lupe Fiasco "SLR 2"
The fan requested Control response
He called out multiple rappers
59. Mac Miller "Objects In The Mirror"
58. Earl Sweatshirt ft. Tyler, the Creator "Whoa"
57. Childish Gambino ft. Chance the Rapper "Worst Guys"
56. 2 Chainz ft. Pharrell "Feds Watching"
55. Rich Homie Quan "Type Of Way"
One hit wonder or talented hit maker?
Thats the question posed by Rich Homie Quan with his street anthem Type of Way"
even Michigan States college football team is using it as their team anthem
54. Vic Mensa "Orange Soda"
53. Ace Hood "Bugatti" ft. Future & Rick Ross
52. Run The Jewels "Banana Clipper"
51. YG "My Nigga"
50. Joey Bada$$ Unorthodox
Summer Knights,
explaining his reasoning behind not signing a major record deal
49. Rocko U.O.E.N.O (Black Hippy Remix) ft. Ab Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & Schoolboy Q
48. Tyler, the Creator Answer
47. Joey Badass '95 'Till Infinity
46. Hopsin Hop Is Back
45. Isaiah Rashad Shot U Down (Remix) ft. Jay Rock & Schoolboy Q
TDE newcomer
44. Childish Gambino Sweatpants
43. Tech N9ne Fragile ft. Kendrick Lamar, Kendall Morgan & MAYDAY!
42. Mac Miller Red Dot Music ft. Action Bronson
41. Jay Z Oceans ft. Frank Ocean
40. J Cole Forbidden Fruit ft. Kendrick Lamar
39. Pusha T Hold On ft. Rick Ross
38. Schoolboy Q Man Of The Year
37. Earl Sweatshirt Sunday ft. Frank Ocean
36. Jay Z FuckwithmeyouknowIgotit ft. Rick Ross
35. Tyler, the Creator IFHY ft. Pharrell Williams
Oh, and theres THAT VIDEO!
34. Jay Z Tom Ford
33. J Cole Crooked Smile ft. TLC
32. Kendrick Lamar Bitch Don't Kill My Vibe Remix ft. Jay Z
31. Chance The Rapper Acid Rain
30. Childish Gambino Telegraph Ave (Oakland)
Using Lloyds Oakland
29. Tyler, the Creator Rusty ft. Domo Genesis & Earl Sweatshirt
28. Chance The Rapper Favorite Song ft. Childish Gambino
27. A$AP Ferg Work (Remix) ft. A$AP Rocky, French Montana, SchoolBoy Q & Trinidad James
26. Pusha T King Push
25. Chance The Rapper Juice
(some jumping around is mandatory).
youre hit with that absolutely HYPE chorus that is guaranteed to make you lose your shit.
24. Drake Hold On We're Going Home ft. Majid Jordan
23. A$AP Ferg Shabba ft. A$AP Rocky
22. J Cole Let Nas Down
21. Eminem Berzerk"
20. Drake Worst Behavior
DJ Dahi delivers with gritty, bass-heavy production deceptively containing no sample.
he even confidently borrows flow and bars from Ma$es Mo Money Mo Problems anthem.
The music video stars his actual dad and uncles and contains his worst skit to date.
Even with lyrics that playfully reference his famous Hot 97 freestyle blunder
his Degrassi roots
19. Earl Sweatshirt Hive ft. Vince Staples & Casey Veggies
But then Vince Staples busts in with a ski mask and absolutely kills it. Did Vince renegade Earl? That's up for debate,
18. Eminem Love Game ft. Kendrick Lamar
But the song turned out to be as left-field as possible
cheesy sample included
Sherane
17. Drake Started From The Bottom
Drake's Nothing Was The Same album.
16. Childish Gambino 3005
Gambino also gave us a pleasantly metaphorical video to accompany the song and make us think even more.
15. Chance The Rapper Cocoa Butter Kisses ft. Vic Mensa & Twista
hip-hop is once again Chicagoan.
14. Jay Z Holy Grail ft. Justin Timberlake
The only voice you hear during the first 1:19 of his new album's leadoff track is not Hov, but rather Justin Timberlake
His daughter's name is literally the first word out of his mouth, and with good reason.
13. ASAP Rocky 1 Train ft. Kendrick Lamar, Joey Badass, Yelawolf, Danny Brown, Action Bronson and Big K.R.I.T.
"1 Train" is the
was it the energized Danny Brown?
the lovable braggart Action Bronson?
the wordsmith Joey Bad?
the hard-driving Big K.R.I.T.?
Collard Greens
before Kendrick comes in with that Espaol that makes this verse so memorable.
11. Kanye West  Black Skinhead
Kanye is pissed off
but not the kind of pissed he gets about croissants
or Jimmy Kimmel.
10. J Cole Power Trip ft. Miguel
The smooth voice of Miguel helps out on a hook,
but otherwise it is Coles world.
The incredibly catchy hooks
his production
This continuation of his 2009 song Dreams
also hip-hop and its impact on him - giving an already impressive song some duality.
And much like the song sounds, its video felt like a short film as Cole literally does whatever it takes to claim his love.
Pound Cake/Paris Morton Music 2
spacey Ellie Goulding sample
08. Pusha T Numbers On The Boards
My Name Is My Name is a stark minimalist creation and with the No Artwork cover,
Don Cannon & Kanye West create the spine
harder than him thumping the wall with his fist.
07. Kanye West - Bound 2 ft. Charlie Wilson
Bound 2 was an unexpected but wholly welcome ending to Yeezus.
Bound 2 is a weirdly endearing love song
topped with Charlie Wilsons magical voice. Whats not to like?!
the video
But that was the point.
Ye geniusly defied our expectations and used his prettiest songs video as a commentary on the wack quality of American art and media that he feels should be banned.
06. Eminem Bad Guy
his epic 2000 story-song Stan,
After all, Stan died at the end, right?
So whats left
just symbolic/Of not knowing what you had til its gone.
05. Pusha T Nosetalgia ft. Kendrick Lamar
The KRS sample serves as the hook and sounds of scratches fill the airwaves
Kings Push & Kendrick
While Terrence is neck deep in dealing
your 8ball on a Friday night
In N Out double double you crave in LA.
04. Kanye West Blood On The Leaves
The song is drowning in so many feels, its impossible not to catch some yourself
the somber piano of the beautifully chopped Strange Fruit sample, but then the blaring horns and bass of TNGHTs R U Ready burst through
Kanyes emotionally charged VMA performance
03. Eminem Rap God
Six minutes, Slim Shady, youre on.
second Marshall Mathers LP
third MC this year to proclaim himself a god.
rapid-fire
references to the first Mathers LP
sneak disses to some of his old buddies
and a 17 second stretch crammed with over 100 words
The Detroit native also broke Rap Genius the day "Rap God" was released,
4 million page views
After criticism he lip synced on live television,
Marshall Mathers showed up to the YouTube music awards and destroyed the hopes and dreams of every rapper alive when he performed the song live.
internal rhyme
Pharoahe Monch grind
Control
Comparing his rapping skill to a baby's first steps
and reminiscing on his grandfather
while sneaking in TV
and car references
However, there was a 3rd feature to this monster track produced by No I.D.
King Kendrick Lamar
The Compton MC proclaimed he was both 2Pac's offspring
and the King of New York
And yet there was more...he called out every hot young rapper - by their name, a rarity in Hip Hop (no sneak disses here!)
01.
Kanye West New Slaves ft. Frank Ocean
Produced by the Very G.O.O.D Beats crew
He labeled verse 2 as the best verse of all time
and even America's prison system
With a guerrilla marketing scheme fit for a military coup, Ye projected the track onto buildings in 66 locations across the world.
would Jay Z and Beyonce have released projects with such unorthodox promotion methods if Kanye didnt do it first?

