Ghostface Killah ft. AZ, Kool G Rap & Tre Williams "The Battlefield"
Apollo Brown & Rass Kass ft. Pharoahe Monch & Rakaa Iriscience "H20"
Travi$ Scott ft. Big Sean "Don't Play"
Mac Miller ft. Vince Staples "Rain"

Isaiah Rashad ft. SZA "West Savannah"
The song breaks away from Vics reputation as a lyrical rapper, substituting lyrical complexity for a strong flow and crazy energy.
Mick Jenkins ft Joey Bada$$ "Jerome"
Tinashe ft Schoolboy Q "2 On"
Jay Electronica ft. LaTonya Givens "Better In Tune With The Infinite"

Big K.R.I.T. "King Of The South"
PRyhme "Courtesy"
Childish Gambino "Sober"
NehruvianDOOM "OM"
Drake "How About Now"
Statik Selektah ft Action Bronson, Royce da 5'9 & Black Thought "The Imperial"

O.T Genasis "CoCo"
BAKIN' SODA, I GOT BAKIN' SODA!
references to Nemo and Nino Brown
even Nicki Minaj
y'all saw what happened to Busta Rhymes, right?
Lupe Fiasco ft Ty Dolla $ign "Deliver"
Theophilus London ft Kanye West "Can't Stop"

Future ft. Andre 3000 "Benz Friends (Whatchutola)"
Jay Electronica ft. Jay Z "We Made It Freestyle"
Beyonce ft. Nicki Minaj "***Flawless Remix"
ScHoolboy Q "Prescription/Oxymoron"

Travis Scott ft Rich Homie Quan & Young Thug "Mamacita"
YG ft. Jay Rock & ScHoolboy Q "I Just Wanna Party"
Dej Loaf "Try Me"
Young Thug ft. A$AP Ferg & Freddie Gibbs "Old English"
Lil Wayne ft. The LOX "Gotti"
Mick Jenkins "The Waters"
Game "Bigger Than Me"
Wu-Tang Clan "Ruckus In B Minor"
Kendrick Lamar "Untitled"
OG Maco "U Guessed It"
Drake "Draft Day"
Donnie Trumpet ft. Chance The Rapper & Jamila Woods "Sunday Candy"
The Social Experiment, a.k.a the Chicago symphony,
or Chance the Rappers two verses, nostalgia oozes out of every corner of this joint.
ScHoolboy Q "Hoover Street"
Common ft. Vince Staples "Kingdom"
Jay Rock "Parental Advisory"
Freddie Gibbs "Shitsville"
Action Bronson "Easy Rider"
The psych-rock sampling
Eminem "Shady XV"

Nicki Minaj "Anaconda"
J.Cole "January 28th"
Run The Jewels ft. boots "Early"
Mac Miller "Diablo"
out of nowhere
The chilling piano line
we all fell in love with
Freddie Gibbs "Harold's"
Logic "Nikki"
Yelawolf "Till It's Gone"
PartyNextDoor ft. Drake "Recognize"
Vic Mensa "Down On My Luck"
PRyhme "PRyhme"
Rae Sremmurd "No Flex Zone"
Nicki Minaj ft. Chris Brown, Drake & Lil Wayne "Only"
Joey Bada$$ "Big Dusty"

Run The Jewels "Blockbuster Night Pt. 1"
Big K.R.I.T. "Cadillactica"
Pusha T "Lunch Money"
What started as an accidental release turned out to be one of the best joints of the year.
The G.O.D laid down the Contra style soundtrack, while King Pushs flow was flawless.
This initial offering has us fiending for King Push,
YG ft. Drake "Who Do You Love"
Freddie Gibbs "Deeper"

Mac Miller ft. Da$h & Earl Sweatshirt "New Faces V2"
Rae Sremmurd "No Type"
Isaiah Rashad "Heavenly Father"
Wiz Khalifa "We Dem Boyz"

J.Cole "No Role Modelz"
Future ft. Casino, Pharrell Williams & Pusha T "Move That Dope"
Logic "Soul Food"
Eminem ft. Big Sean
Jay Rock ft. Chantal Kreviazuk & Kendrick Lamar "Pay For It"

Logic "Gang Related"
Freddie Gibbs ft. Danny Brown "High"
Getting high is what they do best, and it's no surprise hearing how well both of them sound on this joint.
T.I ft. Young Thug "About The Money"

Drake "6 God"
Eminem ft. Sia "Guts Over Fear"
Run The Jewels ft. Zack de la Rocha "Close Your Eyes (And Count To Fuck)"
Mick Jenkins "Jazz"
Young Jeezy ft. Jay Z "Seen It All"
Rick Ross ft. Big Sean & Kanye West "Sanctified"
Kanye West
but it served as the background music for the greatest viral video of all time
ILOVEMAKONNEN ft. Drake "Tuesday (Remix)"
trying to break free from his manslaughter charges
Drizzy decided to drop a verse onto Tuesday
J.Cole "Wet Dreamz"
We guarantee almost every male listener felt some type of way.
Lil Wayne ft. Drake "Believe Me"
and another with a gritty flow.
ends the track in memorable fashion
or grinding through a workout.
ScHoolboy Q "Break tHe Bank"
Complete with a chilling piano line and a Mario Kart 64 sample from The Alchemist
Throughout the track he viciously reminds the listener that it's his time and that he ain't no one to fuck with.
Q is Breaking the bank
A$AP Rocky ft. Juicy J "Multiply"
some uncharacteristic features,
sticks to his typical rapper and fashion references.
Swag swag.
Flying Lotus ft. Kendrick Lamar "Never Catch Me"
The fusion of hip hop, jazz, & electronic styles has Kendrick spazzing like a rabid dog.
Joey Bada$$ "Christ Conscious (Toroidal Flow)"
Run The Jewels "Oh My Darling Don't Cry"
Rich Gang ft. Birdman, Rich Homie Quan & Young Thug "Lifestyle
EUUGHBLAHBEAHELGWLINAHDEWFQLFKQWFN LLLLLLIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIFFFFFFFFFFEEEEEEEEEEEESTYLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
For a song that made many detractors reconsider Rich Homie Quans one-hit wonder status and mainstream listeners delve into the Young Thug archives, the unintelligible nature of the lyrics for most listeners was its greatest asset: whatever personal details you added over the beat, you felt like your efforts were putting you on the fast-track to a Dionysian lifestyle of your own.
ScHoolboy Q ft. BJ The Chicago Kid "Studio"
J.Cole "Fire Squad"
highlighting white appropriation in the music of black culture.
he name dropped some of the most well-known artists to ever do it.

Bobby Shmurda "Hot Nigga"
When Rick Ross gets chastised for portraying a criminal mastermind following his career in law enforcement
congratulate Bobby Shmurda and his crew for their string of summer smashes for existing in a realm of authenticity?
It wasnt the lyrics
Or should we Shmoney Dance the troubles away?!
Logic "Under Pressure"
the tracks elegant yet radical style shift
it transitions from his recent material success to a deeply introspective track reflecting on both his past and current state of affairs with family.
under p
Big Sean ft. E-40 "I Don't Fuck With You"
This track dropped along with
following the announcement of his signing to Roc Nation.
part of the exemplary accompaniment of Coach Kanye
and DJ Mustard on the beat.
His blatantly vulgar lyrics clearly express his lack of interest in those he is not "down with"
Big K.R.I.T. "Mt. Olympus"
verbal lightning from Krizzle
Drake "0-100/The Catch Up"
If there's one thing we've learned, it's that every song really does sound like Drake featuring Drake.
may have been 2013's catchphrase, but
almost as quickly as fans grabbed the free Soundcloud download of this track after its June release
meme-worthy lines
100/The Catch Up" so notable is the instantaneous shift
Drake is perched at the top of the rap game and he's only getting better.

Kendrick Lamar "i"
Backed by funky production reminiscent of the wonder years of soul music,
Kendrick broadcasts a message of self love
The best messages are those easily understood, and Kendrick makes no mistakes with a simple "I love myself"
Whether it be the record,
the music video,
or the buzz
- each element illustrates the message crystal clear.
They can lock ya body, they cant trap ya mind.


