I see you (psst, hahaha over here)
Looking at me
Looking at me, so I ask
Am I a psycho?
Am I a psycho?
Yeah, Im a psycho
I guess Im a psycho
[Verse 1 - Tech N9ne]
Youre crazy
I like you, but youre crazy
My tours paid me, so I used that dough to allure ladies
To manure bathe me
Never that, my mind's for sure shady
Pure Hades,
Rev X Steady couldnt endure to save me
Why did I let this stripper burn me on my arm with a cigarette
In the same spot 10 times in a row when I felt that burn
I palm the clitoris, I'mma get her wet
Sorry to get carried away,
I feel stupid cause I aint did her yet
Maybe she never let a fine nigga stare at her breasts
I get vexed so
N9ne bit her neck
Open! I try to contain it but that dame thangs soaking
Alter ego say "Why you let them gang bang folk in?"
Strange Lane
hoping I can maintain coping
But aint nobody talking when the insane mane spoken
I like fire on my skin, blood on my draws
From up on her walls, Im suffering, Im stuck in her claws
Stuffed in her jaws, huffing and puffing, hollering, I'm a dog
Afterwards, I like really hot scalding water on my balls
Am I a psycho?
Am I a psycho?
Yeah, Im a psycho
I guess Im a psycho
[Verse 2 - Hopsin]
Mom? Dad? Im no longer the boy you're used to seeing
Ive changed a lot, plus Ive grown to hate every human being
My mood swings have now turned my dreams into gruesome scenes
Now Im doing things I dont normally do when illusion seems
To be the only pleasures I can gain
Heck, if I was sane I would've put down the mic and said, "Fuck it, I'll never rise to fame"
But with the wicked wreckage I contain, I could probably jeopardize your name
No lovey-dovey lets ignite the flame. If youre lucky you'll survive the pain
Sorry that ain't very merry to say. Why is this game so scary to play?
Well let me think, cause every day my balls are getting too hairy to shave
Pause a minute, I'm stressing again. If I go to hell then heaven's to blame
I dont mean to come off crazy but you motherfuckas seem to think Im hella deranged
When I was seven years old, I fell on my head and I severed my brain
If you think Im lying then ask my mama nigga she'll go tell you the same
Should I be ashamed? No, Im living my life so ghetto fabulous
Before you get bent out of shape, my nigga, let me ask you this
Am I a psycho?
Am I a psycho?
Yeah, Im a psycho
I guess Im a psycho
[Verse 3 - B.o.B]
I stab you with this mic and rap this verse I'm rapping to you
Matter of fact, Im rapping through you
Never say my motherfucking name unless you absolutely have to
I am not no fucking jacket
with no matching shoes
And you are not no fashion guru
Cant even see you niggas, y'all wish I was rapping to you
Matter of fact, act like I'm rapping to you
If that gives you passion to use this as an excuse
Then just jump up out of conclusion that I'm attacking you dudes
It's just like old fashion voodoo
Y'all aint even the shit, no, y'all aint even the doodoo
I got more flavor on the tissue paper under my two boots
So Im slapping you fools with wooden paddles you stupid
Babysitting
little bastards
like little afternoon children
You can call me psychotic but its more like schizophrenic
And I can't sleep can anyone tell me just where my medicine is?
Guess I gotta show these minors just what my avenue is
Man, I swear I'm all about my brain like graduate students
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt your feelings
I see your tears, come here, give me your face, let me clear it
But I wonder how it would look if I were to peel it back with a skillet
Then I'mma feel it crack when I hit it
Then I'mma split it back when you heal it
Dammit Bobby boy, What in the hell? What in the heaven? What in the Earth?
Where is your mom? What are you, cursed?
Where are you from?
Where was your birth? Where was you first?
Why werent you in church?
Why is there dirt, all on your shirt?
Man I think that youre going berserk
Am I a psycho?
Am I a psycho?
Yeah, Im a psycho
I guess Im a psycho
