[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
Papa ain't call even though he saw
Me on TV, it's all good (Fuck you)
But now my balls, balls deep in this broad's jaw
Swallow girl, it's just nut
Bitches scared to let me smash on they ass
Yeah, they heard I'm fuckin' nuts like the swag of a fag
Like me and Tekeli was gagging in the back of the cabin
Camp Flog Gnaw, nigga, you can tell by the badge
(Hodgy, pass me my inhaler)
I'm sicking of hacking and coughing, I'm often this fucking awesome
I'm animal, Noah's arking,
all from this rapping nonsense
Four stories in my home like "What the fuck's an apartment?"
Get shit poppin' like Peter's pores during puberty
Take bets on how quick Tyler can reach maturity
Cussing out Siri like a waitress with no patience
Oh, you want a tip bitch, well here's my dick for gratiturity, bitch
[Hook: Tyler, The Creator]
Shut 'em down!
Nigga, shut 'em down!
Shut 'em down!
[Verse 2: Hodgy Beats]
I tumble-crush on huzzy sluts, give money up then nutty butt
Professor Nutty Buddy Klump gets petty when you touch his lunch
Like, what the fuck? I'm drunk as fuck, turn the fucking music up
So I can't hear these stupid fucks,
talk-no-walk,
let you discuss
You're talking too much, Who the fuck are you to us? Uterus
I put that on my pubes and nuts, if I don't begin moving up
I'm shooting up, you and her
I can see the bitch in a nigga through his shirt
I can smell the whore on a bitch when she walk around my crew to flirt
It's on ya' shoulder, lose the dirt,
yeah, it's the movement first
Fuck a human nurse! I'm ill
on the Channel 10 news
my only motive is to
Skip to my Lou,
get hip to the pew
You can drink piss and eat a dick in a few, the sickening view
Of visuals, woo,
I'll eat your ribs, I'm a wolf
Then meet your kids after school, and give them drugs cause it's cool, fucker
[Verse 3: Tyler, The Creator]
Hodgy, fuck this beat, nigga, let's smoke weed
That shit I need, be the shit that's green
A little purple and pink,
come get some Swisher Sweets
About three or four more than needed be
I got a eighth I could face, I got a blunt flavored grape
I hate the grape, I could taste it when I'm inhaling the vapes
You could smell us in places when we walk in our clothing is always covered in flakes
Enough for two shake blunts; and what the fuck is this? Uh...
I think this Mary is laced; my heart is beating at paces
That Pacquiao can't relate
I'm fucking faded like gradients
Shit, I'm stuck like tape that's super glued
To the center of Kelly Price first waist
It's like my first date with Mrs. Mary, the shit is scary
The paranoia from this marijuana's very heavy, I'm lifted
Fainted by my fifth hit,
Lionel, pass the sherm
Let's use the Philly as a dipstick for this bath salt,
you dipshit
[Domo Genesis]
C'mon, my nigga. You don't even smoke, you weak as fuck, my nigga. You do not smoke, no tucks, my nigga. You're as weak as.. F your butt my nigga. Oh, mark ass nigga, Cuh,
oh my God, bro. Here come this weak-ass nigga, Samuel
